The Walking Dead s06e16 Episode Script
Last Day on Earth

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s06e16

(announcer): Previously, on AMC's "The Walking Dead.
" (automatic weapons fire) What the hell is he doing? I know where Daryl's going! Carol's still out here And I will find her, you go.
(groaning) Ahhh Ah, ahh! Hey! (sing song whistling) Hi, Daryl (gunshot) (whistling) (heavy breathing) - Morgan: Hey.
- (whickers) Hey, boy.
- (horse snorts) - Oh, you're fine.
You are fine.
Hey.
Hey, come here.
You are alive.
(groans) (whistling) (panting) (whistling continues) Glenn's still not back.
I need to be there for Maggie.
- I said no.
- Carl.
Look, you were wrong before.
This place isn't too big to protect.
And you need to stay back and help protect it.
This place is ready.
Most of us have been trained, you know that.
If you were worried about an attack, you wouldn't be leaving.
You know how far the Hilltop is? You know what could happen? (whistling continues) Carl: Those Saviors are out there.
You know what they did to Denise, what they tried to do with Maggie and Carol, to Daryl, to Rosita, to Eugene.
That's not happening to you, all right? I'm not gonna let it.
Sasha: Any change? She's getting worse.
Abraham: Good call on the transport.
Well, I figured she'd be more comfortable.
It also means you got room for more.
They're out there, so I'm gonna be there with you.
We are.
Package deal.
(sighs) Uh, what she said.
You want to run into them, right? You hope they show up.
Jesus, this is about getting Maggie to a doctor, not about Screw you, I'm going.
Enid, stop.
Just wait.
Look, it's a long trip, and you're just getting over-- It's a superficial graze, proteins are binding, plus we need to discuss ammunition production and manufacture, so let's roll.
I already tried.
Give him an inch, he's taking a mile.
I'm only asking for 23, give or take, depending on the route.
I know I can be of some help.
Now's the time and here's the place.
Don't shine me.
I'll be your anchorman.
Yes, I damn will.
(panting) Man: Why the face? I hope you're not putting this on us.
Huh? I mean, we showed your people the way forward.
We gave you rules.
You broke the rules, so folks had to die.
The one who fired the first shot, we strung him up to make an example of him.
It could've stopped there.
But you people still didn't listen.
You wanted to fight us.
So this is how it has to be.
(grunts) Get out of my way.
Carl! (sighs) Just grab some pistols from the closet.
But hurry.
We've gotta go now.
- (door closes) - (furniture scrapes) (doorknob rattles) Carl! Damn it! Please, please.
No, no, please-- oh! No! (groaning) Please, don't.
Oh! Please.
- (grunting) - Please! Carl! Carl! What happens if you don't come back? How am I supposed to live with that? What the hell am I supposed to do? Just survive somehow.
(banging) We're ready to protect this place and the Saviors know it.
That's why they grabbed Eugene.
Look, it's not up for discussion.
Then you're just gonna have to punch me in the face and tie me up again.
'Cause that's what it's gonna take to stop me.
(mouths) Go on.
We have 24-hour shifts set up on each of the watchtowers, each one of them fully supplied and ready.
In the case that we're incurred upon, we have drivers assigned, evacuation and distraction, and the rendezvous we discussed.
In the event of any emergency, my first priority is Judith.
I will not fail you.
Are you comfortable leaving me in charge of Alexandria's defense? (chuckles) Yes.
Hey, Rick.
If the Saviors do show up I don't know, I'm thinking, if it's not too late, should we try and make some kind of deal? Tell them to wait for me.
I got a deal for them.
Let's go.
(gate squeaking) (gate clangs) Whoa, whoa.
(whickers) (footsteps approach) Morgan: Carol? Hey.
(whispers) I told you not to come.
And I'm gonna start listening to you real soon.
Here, let me see.
(groaning) What is this? This is us about to make an example out of you.
To who? My people-- everyone at the library, they're dead.
(grunts, coughs) (man groaning) (theme music playing) (Maggie breathing deeply) Hey.
Hey.
We're gonna get there.
The doctor at the Hilltop, he's gonna make things better.
Hey.
How do you know? Everything we've done, we've done together.
We got here together and we're still here.
Things have happened, but it's always worked out for us 'cause it's always been all of us.
That's how I know.
'Cause as long as it's all of us, we can do anything.
(whickers) (gasps) (metal clanging) It's a walker.
It's hard to get.
I was going to, but I was too busy bleeding.
- (chuckles) - (clanging continues) Pressure should help, but you need stitches, antibiotics to make sure you don't get an infection.
Be dark in a few hours.
I'll walk the camp, make sure we're safe for the night.
And at dawn, we will head back, get you some help.
Okay? No.
What the bitch? Rick: What? Enemy close.
Abraham: We doing this? No.
(gearshift clicks) He's someone who was with a whole lot of someones who didn't listen.
We can make a deal right here, right now.
That's right, we can.
Give us all your stuff.
We'll probably have to kill one of you.
That's just the way it is, but then we can start moving forward on business.
All you have to do is listen.
Yeah that deal's not gonna work for us.
Fact is, I was about to ask for all of your stuff, only I'm thinking I don't have to kill any of you.
Any more of you.
(can rattling) Savior: Sorry, my deal is the only deal.
We don't negotiate.
Me and my people are leaving.
Okay, friend.
Plenty of ways to get to where you're going.
You want to make today your last day on Earth? No, but that is a good thing to bring up.
Think about it.
What if it's the last day on Earth for you? For someone you love? What if that's true? Maybe you should be extra nice to those people in that RV, 'cause you never know (snaps fingers) Just like that.
Be kind to each other.
Like you said like it was your last day on Earth.
You do the same.
(door closes) (groans) (engine starts) - (muffled voices) - (people breathing heavily) (muffled voices continue) Why didn't you stay back and help guard the place? I owe her.
Why did you come? I owe them.
Logrun Road's a straight shot.
Sasha: We want visibility.
There, you got it on Shelton.
Golf course, country clubs, sloping terrain.
No bum rush from the bogeyman.
We'd see them from a good piece.
It is a longer trip by a third, but we'd get the scenic safety of clear-cut dingles and glens.
You're being serious, right? As coronary thrombosis.
- You got a route? - Yeah.
(walker thudding, growling) Let's go.
Wasn't just me.
Rick came looking, too.
Daryl, some of the others they would've.
They were gone before they even knew about you.
Gone? They'll be back by the time we are.
Probably back already, wondering.
You think I'm being dramatic here? Do you really think you could just come here and tell me to come back and that's how it'll go? Those people, your people, they care about you.
I know they do.
And I care about them.
That's why I can't be there.
That's why you have to be there.
- (distant clanging) - (distant walker growling) Do you really just not get it? After everything that's happened.
If you care about people, there are people to protect, there are people that you will kill for.
If you don't want to kill or if you can't then you have to get away from them.
You do not get both.
You-- you should know that.
No, everything's about people.
Everything in this life that's worth a damn, that's what I know.
And out here on your own you'll die.
Then let me die.
No, I can't do that.
It's not your decision.
Just go.
I'm not leaving you.
(gun hammer clicks) I said go.
Please, just go.
If you care about anyone, M-- There is a price, Morgan, and you're gonna pay it.
I have, and I can't anymore.
- (distant walker snarling) - (distant clanging) Think we could do it? What? What they did, Glenn and Maggie? Just asking if you could do that.
If you're doing something as big as that if that's living.
Could you? Yeah.
I could.
Now.
Just so you know.
Bitch nuts.
We making our stand? Yeah, we end it.
No, not now.
They've been waiting.
They're ready.
With one of us behind the wheel, that's five on 16.
We're gonna play it our way, how we want it.
Right? Right.
All right, go slow.
(gearshift clicks) (gunshots echo) (gunshots echo) (gunshots echo) (walkers growling) (growling) (walkers growling) (growling continues) (snarling) (knife cutting) (body thuds) (walkers growling softly) Carol? Carol? Carol? (whickers) (whickers) Let's go.
(walkers growling) Rick: How are we on gas? Abraham: Half a tank.
I pulled some more cans before we left.
Those weren't the same men who blocked the road the first time.
Same outfit, different soldiers.
They got numbers.
Yeah, we keep driving, we get her there.
We will.
If we have to shove each and every one of them up their own asses.
(brakes squeal) (Rick sighs) (walkers growling) We can't go through it.
Can't risk the RV.
You stay behind the wheel, just in case.
(gun clicks) We'll clear it.
- (walkers snarling) - (chains rattling) Putting together a red rover like that takes people.
A lot of them.
Come on, let's do this.
Dad.
That's Michonne's.
That's Daryl's.
(automatic gunfire) Get back to the RV! Go! (gunfire continues) Abraham: Start it up! (RV door closes) (RV squeals) Sasha: What's that sound? Eugene: Undercarriage could've caught a bullet.
Or could be transmission.
It could be nothing.
They were firing at our feet.
(RV squealing) They blocked the road, but they weren't trying to stop us.
They want us in this direction.
Barton Road takes us north, but they gotta know we wanna go north.
Meadows.
Could take us east a piece, but we can get back on track on Mayhew.
We're down to a third of a tank.
We could top off at the next stop, - but no refills after that.
- Rick: All right.
She's burning up.
(RV squeals) (RV squeals) Abraham: Rick.
(brakes squealing) Go back.
Where? Whoa, whoa.
Whoa.
Come on.
(kisses) (walkers growling) (panting) (banging) (banging continues) (snarling) (walker snarling, banging) (snarling) No, get away.
(grunting) Ah! Ah! (panting) (yells) Hey, hey.
No, no.
(grunts) (panting) (hammer clicks) Each breath is getting harder.
I probably don't have too many more in me.
So I'm gonna make each one count.
So, here's how it's gonna go.
You're gonna lie there and I'm gonna watch you die slow, just like my friends did back on that road.
Just like I'm gonna.
Let's see who wins, bitch.
- (gunshot) - (groaning) You see that? That's a pretty good start, huh? Huh? (people breathing heavily) (muffled voices) (muffled voices continue) (RV squealing) Are we close? Yeah, we're-- we're getting there.
Were there-- I heard shots.
Yeah, the Saviors, but they're gone.
We are.
We're gonna get you there.
I know.
You're gonna be okay.
The baby's gonna be okay.
This isn't it.
This isn't it.
There's more.
There's gonna be more.
(RV squealing) I believe in you, Rick.
(panting) (laughing) What do you got to smile about, bitch? What the hell's wrong with you? (Carol laughing) There's nothing wrong with me.
I'm gonna die, so there's nothing wrong with me anymore.
- (gunshot) - (screams) You think you've suffered enough now? No, probably not.
Oh, God.
(no audio) Carol: What, are you done? Unless you kill me now, I'm not gonna die! (walker growling) You decide! The world doesn't decide! You decide! You don't get to walk away and get what you want! (panting) - Morgan: Stop.
- (hammer clicks) Drop it.
You can survive this.
You can.
Drop it.
Please.
No.
(gunshots) Would you please just let me go? Hey, it's not your time.
You are gonna come back from this.
- (horse whickering) - (hoofbeats approaching) What happened here? I found your horse.
Found my friend, too.
She needs help.
Then let's get you some help.
Eugene: These tracks they would indicate they not only have people, but some big-ass toys and capabilities.
What it indicates is we are neck-deep up shit creek with our mouths wide open.
(screams) (gasping, gagging) - Abraham: Don't.
- I can try and break the chain.
It won't work.
- Aaron: I can try.
- It won't work.
(man choking) And we need the bullets.
(man choking) Savior: You're treating your people good, right? Like it was your last day on Earth? Or maybe one of theirs? You better go.
It's gonna get hot.
You go get where you're going.
Go, go.
Get on.
(engine starts) Abraham: So, what's the play? She needs a doctor.
Sasha: There are two more routes north from here.
They're probably waiting for us right now.
(exhales) So, they're ahead of us, probably behind us.
But they're not waiting on us, per se, they're waiting on this rust bucket.
And they don't know the moment-to-moment occupancy of said rust-bucket.
And the sun sets soon.
That's the last of it.
If you see a car, try to siphon the gas.
Other than that, you keep moving.
I'll have them thinking we're playing their game.
All phases of the turn, level after level, move after move, I'll keep them spun.
I assure you, I will.
I got something for you.
It's a recipe, and it ain't gazpacho.
How to Build Bullets 101.
Abraham can show you where, just in case.
Thank you for this.
For all of it.
We're lucky you're here.
I won't argue with that.
(chuckles) You go steady on the pedal.
You don't make that thing gulp.
How come you never let me drive the truck? I didn't think you could do it.
I was wrong.
You're a survivor.
(soft laugh) You always were.
We just didn't know it.
Me and you both.
Thank you.
(engine starts) (RV squeals) (growling) (twig snaps) (footsteps approaching) Maggie: Aaron, please.
Just let me walk it.
Relax.
Just a few more miles.
Carl: I heard what you told her when we were leaving.
We can do anything, 'cause we'll do anything we need to do.
We have and we will.
What happened to Denise, I'm not gonna let anybody die like that again.
- Son - What? (men whistling) Go! Go! (whistling continues) (whistling continues) Ah! (all whistling together) (whistling continues) Savior: Good.
You made it.
Welcome to where you're going.
We'll take your weapons.
Now.
- We can talk about-- - We're done talking.
Time to listen.
That's yours, right? Yeah, it's yours.
Okay.
Let's get her down and get you all on your knees.
Lots to cover.
Hold up.
We got it.
Sure, sure.
Gonna need you on your knees.
(people breathing heavily) (muffled voice) - Savior: Dwight! - Dwight: Yeah.
Savior: Chop-chop.
Dwight: Come on.
You got people to meet.
(grunting) Maggie? Dwight: On your knees! Savior: All right! We got a full boat.
Let's meet the man.
(knocks) Pissing our pants yet? Boy, do I have a feeling we're getting close.
Yep.
It's gonna be pee-pee pants city here real soon.
Which one of you pricks is the leader? Savior: It's this one.
He's the guy.
(sighs) Hi.
You're Rick, right? I'm Negan.
And I do not appreciate you killing my men.
Also, when I sent my people to kill your people for killing my people, you killed more of my people.
Not cool.
Not cool.
You have no idea how not cool that shit is.
But I think you're gonna be up to speed shortly.
Yeah.
You are so gonna regret crossing me in a few minutes.
Yes, you are.
You see, Rick, whatever you do, no matter what, you don't mess with the new world order.
And the new world order is this, and it's really very simple.
So, even if you're stupid, which you very may well be, you can understand it.
You ready? Here goes.
Pay attention.
Give me your shit or I will kill you.
Today was career day.
We invested a lot so you would know who I am and what I can do.
You work for me now.
You have shit, you give it to me.
That's your job.
Now, I know that is a mighty big, nasty pill to swallow, but swallow it you most certainly will.
You ruled the roost.
You built something.
You thought you were safe.
I get it.
But the word is out.
You are not safe.
Not even close.
In fact, you are pegged, more pegged if you don't do what I want.
And what I want is half your shit.
And if that's too much, you can make, find, or steal more, and it'll even out sooner or later.
This is your way of life now.
The more you fight back, the harder it will be.
So, if someone knocks on your door (chuckles) you let us in.
We own that door.
You try to stop us and we will knock it down.
You understand? What, no answer? You don't really think that you were gonna get through this without being punished, now, did you? I don't want to kill you people.
Just want to make that clear from the get-go.
I want you to work for me.
You can't do that if you're dead, now, can you? I'm not growing a garden.
But you killed my people, a whole damn lot of them.
More than I'm comfortable with.
And for that, for that you're gonna pay.
So, now I'm gonna beat the holy hell outta one of you.
This-- this is Lucille, and she is awesome.
All this, all this is just so we can pick out which one of you gets the honor.
(Negan inhales sharply) Huh.
Ugh, I gotta shave this shit.
You got one of our guns.
Whoa.
Yeah.
You got a lot of our guns.
Shit, kid, lighten up.
At least cry a little.
(chuckles) Ahem.
(sniffles) Jesus.
You look shitty.
I should just put you out of your misery right now.
Glenn: No! No! - (blows landing) - Stop it! God--! (grunting) Nope.
- Nope, get him back in line.
- Glenn: No.
(grunts) No.
No.
(groaning) (sobs, yells) Don't.
Don't.
(chuckles) All right, listen.
Don't any of you do that again.
I will shut that shit down, no exceptions.
First one's free.
It's an emotional moment, I get it.
Sucks, don't it? The moment you realize you don't know shit.
This is your kid, right? (laughs) This is definitely your kid.
- Just stop this! - Hey! Do not make me kill the little future serial killer.
Don't make it easy on me.
I gotta pick somebody.
Everybody's at the table waiting for me to order.
(whistling) I simply cannot decide.
(chuckles) I got an idea.
(chuckles) Eenie meenie miney mo catch a tiger by his toe.
If he hollers let him go.
My mother told me to pick the very best one and you are it.
Anybody moves, anybody says anything, cut the boy's other eye out and feed it to his father and then we'll start.
You can breathe, you can blink, you can cry.
Hell, you're all gonna be doing that.
(all scream) - (ringing) - Negan: Ho! Ho! Look at that.
Taking it like a champ! (thuds) - (blows landing) - Negan: Damn! - (squelches) - (screaming continues) (blows continue landing) (ringing continues) - (blow lands) - (silence)

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s06e16

