Dexter s03e01 Episode Script
Our Father

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s03e01

Last season on Dexter The butcher bodies was submerged inside these heavy duty garbage bags Did you here that There might be a new massmurderer out there way worse than the icetruck killer That's what the press is callling whoever dumped those bodies offshore Last thing Miami need is another serialkiller Any idea who the FBI send in? Some guy named Lundy We have positive id's on all 18 of our complete bodies All 13 was tried for murder or at least expected of murder Bay harbour butcher give me one shot at putting a bullet in the fuckers head - You realy feel that way? - Yes that's the one thing to value a human life Yeah but i think we had different homework assignments Tell me the truth are you an addict? Yes, I happen to be Christine - I'm Dexter - Hi Dexter There's my sponsor So tell me exactly how full of shit are you This woman see's me Somehow she's able to make me feel ok about what I am Yo're gonna tell me all your deepest darkest secrets Laura Moser.
My mother was murdered I never told anyone that before Did you find out what happened to the men responsible for your mothers murder Santos Jiminez.
went into witness protection Where are you? I've decided to look up someone from my past You slaughtered her and she sold cocain she was a snitch for a cop she was fuckin him It seemed my foster father and my biological mother where having an affair Did he blame himself for her death? Is that why he took me in or was he just using her Was he using me? There ain't no papertrail on the early years of Dexter Morgan Your past is a bigger mystery than fuckin Jimmy Hoffa Back off If Dexter files a complaint you will be took off the force He's hiding something Maria I can feel it I did some bloodslide analyses You will find out what you want what I realy am - You don't understand - Well then make me Who the fuck are you? Pardon my tits How could you do this to Rita and not to mention her kids You and Lila stayed in a hotel together It's over Dexter I'm sure you've heard we have a suspect in the Bay Harbout Butcher case Sergeant James Dokes He had the slides? Carefully hidden in the trunk of his car at the airport Jesus christ Morgan you're the Bay harbout butcher You sure about that? You might want to check with Lundy What's it gonna be Morgan? Kill me now or set me free Don't worry i'll send the FBI your way soon enough You're still gonna try to frame me Mission accomplished After tomorrow i'll be out of reach, permanently You going somewhere? Good bye Lila Hey who's out there anybody out there - What are you doing there - His name is Dexter Morgan I found out that he's the Bay harbour butcher Please just open this gate Oh hey your alive Im ok oh you Dexter.
What the fuck are you doing No turn that off you're insane What where you thinking? are you insane! I where just trying to bring us back together again The Lila experiment is officialy over Could have had it all Dexter I've never been one to put much weight in the idea of a higher power but if I didn't know better I have to believe that some force out there wants me to keep doing what i'm doing You wanted to be close to me Lila? This is the most I have to offer You taught me to accept who I am Thank you The code is mine now is mine alone so too are the relations I cultivate My father might not approve but i'm no longer his disciple I'm a master now an idea transcended into life Our father Ah life Life is ritual routine control and an essential part of that routine regular oral hygiene well Few minutes that'll numb right up So how was your summer Dexter? I went to the carnival I even won a prize Hope you stay away from all the sweet stuff Nah ususaly i'm.
.
good but sometimes i indulge I also made it a point to meet new people Can never have to many friends Now this temporary crown is gonna go way into the back So there might be some blood Not a problem You still have your boat? Oh you bet! That's the only place I can realy let everything go That's great We're gonna have you up and out on that water in no time For someone that needs to spend his life pretending to be normal I've been able to finaly settle in to a nice, normal world and Rita is the scafolding that holds that world in place What are you thinking Life is good Here you go buddy Ok Ashter you're up Mickey mouse, unicorn or starfish? Just plain round panncakes Dexter She's growing up It starts with panncakes? It starts when it starts Hey Dexter uhm, can you come to dads day at my school tomorrow Just tell me what to do Bye Charlotte Bye Mom See you Dexter Bye Mom Get your bag! You hear that? Hear what The calm everything is sowing into place for the first time in my life I got these terrific kids There's no longer any drama surrounding me and I have this great generous, gentle guy Most normal people enjoy a sacred pact with society Live a good life and society will take care of you but if society drops the ball then someone else have to pickup the slack That's where i come in Fred Bowman a.
ka Freebo kills two college girls in skates on the state police screwup otherwise known as Floridas catch and release program he does the deed, gets away with murder and falls of the radar everyone's radar but mine You got a birthday coming up dad What to get the man who had everything How about Freebo? Morning Dex Dexter the doughnut guy Part of my routine but let the record show im not the only one with a daily ritual Angel Baptista, bearclaw Vince Masuka.
Lemon custard better than sex actualy it's not Hey I need a favour You think you could proof an article i'm running for FQ Forensics Quaterly.
Right.
Yeah The editor was stoked that i was the LFI lead forensic investigator on the BHB Bay harbour butcher - Hey - Hey No biggie i've been published before Penthouse doesn't count Hey! That letter was famous! Death by pastry You changed your hair Makes you look younger I don't want to look younger By the way nice job on the Renaldi case Yeah, well murder/suicide pretty straight forward Oh but still the report was spot on right All right Quinn's been in homicide for two weeks and he noticed Noticed what? My hair I changed my hairstyle for the first time since I was eight Ahh shorter, shorter Quinn he is just showing off his detective skills Oh you think he thinks i'm a potential lay? That is not happening and as long as you're not noticing things You also not noticed that i've given up men, liquir and smokes for the last 27 days this is you're remembering days birthday Dad.
Birthday.
Right.
Blue room seven thirty like always Tried calling you last night I.
.
wasn't home I also tried your cellphone You're in the same pants that you had on yesterday and that's just a backup when you keep a locker I thought a part of your restructuring of the department was you staying out of our personal lifes Anything you want me to know? Know this I went out and had a great time last night and you should be happy for me besides since when do you care Since this, follow me Ok guys listen up I just got word from upstairs that Angel will no longer be detective Baptista in two days he will be dectective Sergeant Baptista Im sorry for all the red tape and the hoops nobodye deserves it more than you Angel When this is realy official When i can trade this in for that goldbadge Drinks are on me Angel gets his wings Do you know what this means? Payraise? No dildo it means he's my supervisor which means i have a lock for my detective shield.
Where you going? - Uh research - Dex ! uh typos grammar something to interfer whatever Haircut Yep Time to get the lay of the land on Freebo and his pink house What you need? Freebo.
I need Freebo And you know him how?! He sells the best shit anywhere Cmon man what you googled him or something You know what fuck it there are other dokespots Hey hey Come here don't walk away all fuck you on me - What? - Ding ding Looking to hold some product Ordinary i don't accept new clientel but i've had a desoltery in third quarter Aw cmon! Need a little more hook before breaking into the pocket You know I bought this tv for six grand but i'll let you have it for three More interested in squaring some tar Oh another juppy turns to the dark side I need a hit Jesus Tegan im transacting here One tube Did you hear what I said Fuck off Tegan Fine I guess your dick will suck it self from now on Stupid cunt gonna read a fine short term relationship Catch my drift? Yeah catch your drift and im entirely confident you've earned the privielege as being repurposed as fishfood Narcotics raided this place at noon today The drug rats wont return to their nest for a while Plenty of time to do what i have to do Rough, you like it rough Excuse me? The sugar, you like the raw stuff It's my job to notice things Morgan, right? Do I know you? Your haircut it's cute Alright who the fuck are you Yuki Mato internal affairs And? You know a Joey Quinn? Why? Well, he started drawing our attention back when he was in narcotics He's in your orbit now I don't know the guy except he handles my paperwork Would be realy cool if you could get next to him you know - Do a little recon - Are you high? No, never been Well, Yuki, that's not gonna happen Cooperation with the IA has its upsides in the department Yeah maybe for Rosen Ok.
Well it was nice to finaly meet you In person you know Bye ! So what is it you think Quinn did exactly Uh-uh you don't get to blow me off and still ask me questions Loud music cover of darkness Perfect No! Freebo get back here! Who are you? Who are YOU? Shit! Yo Freebo man! what the fuck happened back there I went there to kill Freebo and ended up killing a total stranger I didn't kill someone I completely met before Who's guilt I wasn't absolutely certain of.
I did something wholy inside the moment and wholy outside the code Something spontaneous Who did I just kill? Freebo's doorman I am fucked Just a mater of time before someone calls it in Hey you! Dexter, hey I know it's not one of our regular nights but could you come over? Uh sure everything ok? Im justmissing you that's all God you're on fire lately Are you complaining? Compliant Where are you? I'm right here A safe place God created pudding and then he rested Pudding of chocolate mana from heaven What are the kids gonna do for desert tomorrow? Tangerines Dexter Morgan.
Yes im happy with my long distance provider What the hell ever happened to do not call three in the morning Not in India I have an insanely busy morning tomorrow so i'll be gone before you and the kids wake up Dexter you have been working such killer hours lately Please hold me until you have to go Just a mater of time Morning sergeant! How long for you to get to 180 Countant Uhh 20-30 minutes I got it Dex You got what Only the case that's gonna get me my shield It's huge Angel put me on it officialy on it Huge? Who the hell are you? I bet you wonder who the hell he is Who he is, is what makes this case huge It's Miguel Prado He's that ADA that's been on a mission to put away as many bad guys as he can you know "a safe Miami is the only Miami" A safe Miami and we're all unemployed Why does he look so familiar? Cause he just made the cover of Florida Magazine Top prosecutor in the state two years in a row He and Laguerta go way back you know that whole Cubano thing Yeah the guy is Ramon Prado Miguels middle brother He's a lieutenant with the sheriffs department Made himself quite the reputation for being a law and order hard ass and Oscar.
Prado? as in baby brother So much for spontaneousity What was he doing in a dump like this? They're saying that he was a coach at a youth club Came here to confront the scum bag who was selling shit to his kids Talk about the wrong place at the wrong time Tell me about it Find anything? Yeah dead guy with a hole in his chest This window is cracked, there's blood on the wall Who shut these drapes? Probably first on scene Some dipshit review? still outside puking So what do we got? Signs of a majorly big struggle here, there, everywhere Single stabwound to the chest You read my article yet? Started it So far it is realy good Awesome Whoever did this He's already wishing he was dead Someone realy stepped on his dick with this one There where so many lessions in the wanted code of Harry Twisted commandments handed down from the only god I ever worshiped One through ten Don't get caught.
That I got covered But killing someone without knowing if he's guilty I'd love some help on this one But my god is dead now Mans best friend right Dex? Not today Hey my sister says that LaGuerta knows this Miguel Prado pretty well Way back when when we Hey wazzup? Way back when when we Mighuel was in law school and Maria was just starting in law enforcement They hooked up Hooked up? Between us for Maria Miguel Prado will always be the one who got away Prelim has the victim Oscar Prado 26 dead Dead from a single stabwound to the chest The deceast brother ADA Miguel Prado informed the active scene that Oscar went to confront one Fred Bowman streetman Freebo for selling drugs to some youth club kids Morgan.
This Freebo is the same guy that killed those two co-ed's in the Everglides and got away with it so the way it looks Oscar Prado died a hero Also our team found a shitload of substantial amount of drugs in the house Any leads on his whereabouts? That part of the neighbourhood isn't exactly policefriendly but i'm staying on it Talk to me about forensics Evidence indicates this was no hit and run It was a furious close end battle Whoever.
.
Was it whomever? Whoever's good Whoever did this got in a lucky shot or was realy good at handling a blade According to the ME the aorta was cleanly severed in one penetration Not easy to do Any luck finding the weapon? It's not on either premises We've checked roofs, sewers, trashbins in a five blocks radius Our conclusion the assailant took it with him.
Dexter what's the blood saying? Pretty much what everyone else is I have some second level on scene work to do I get back to you ASAP Give it to sergeant Baptista Full disclosure I've had a personal relationship with the Prado family for many years and it goes alot further than the whole Cubano thing Sergeant Stating the obvious lieutenant I'd like Freebo for this Me too Morgan.
Yes mam Hit the streets harder Learn what you can learn With all due respect lieutenant if Freebo did this he's not in Miami I mean he's in the winds We could sit around on our asses and speculate on wherever we think the prime suspect may or may not be or we can actualy go and look for him As a Miami prosecutor I have dedicated my career to fighting crime To make our streets safe for everyone Every family white, black, latino, asian deserves the full measures of our devotion to their dignity another crime has touched my family in the most profound way imaginable I grieve equaly for every family that has been visited with the same unimaginable news that we have received today Our beautiful city is a city of families and the untimely taking of any of us touches all of us My parents brought my brothers from.
Part of my ritual has always been to get to know my victims Confirming their guilt beyond all doubt.
Oscar Prado tried to kill Freebo and he tried to kill me No way he was there on some noble youth club mission He's got to be guilty of something Aren't we all? So I ask again Who are you? Two speeding tickets and an illegal u-turn What about outside the code of Harry Harry finds me in a pool of blood Turns me into his own personal vendeta machine and when he see's the monster he created in action he kills himself Death can drink to his honor on his own Any luck in the land of reluctant witnesses One house I play good cop the next i play bad cop I still can't get shit from anybody in that neighbourhood You know what the problem is right? Wait Quinn let me guess The cop part? No they don't owe you anything There's no insentive which gives the balance of power weighing in their direction, right Her let me give you one thing, call this guy, tell him you know me.
Tell him you want to cash in one of my coupons.
Coupons ? Yeah he's a CI from my days in narcotics.
He got a hook in him and it's not coming out aanytime soon.
What you want in return? For you to remember that i did you a solid Not even a thank you? Thank you Stop looking at my ass Detective.
Officer.
Your Anton? In the flesh You got something you want to show me? Oh yeah I've seen him before Realy? Where? In the news Isn't that the guy you let walk with those co-ed killers.
Now that there was some fine piece of police work You know him from the news paper Yeah i think i saw him on CNN or something Ok that's all you got? Thats all you got You know if you and Quinn's fucking with me Im realy not in the mood You know summer if you need something for that temper I got a man down the street that sells realy ?mellow weak? to take that edge right off.
Well thank you but i don't take advice from drugdealers so.
.
Drugdealers?! Oh never that.
Drug user, occationaly Strictly weed though officer, strictly weed Then how did you become Quinns snitch I got caught up in a drugbust Quinn told me if I blew the whistle on the bigger fish I would stay out of jail so i listened attentively Yeah well you know it never hurts for an occational drug user to have another friend on the force That's the thing officer I got enough friends Yeah well im out of here Yeah you have a good one you hear What about this Prado guy? .
.
and to determine the impact site.
The exact point where forces carry the body You have to distinguish the geometric differences between backspatter, satelite spatter, misting and arterial spurting - Groose! - Shut up! Ehm, you remember how before when Caties dad was talking about being a surgent Yeah and sometimes how he has to cut into bodies and there's blood But he saves lives Do you save lives? Ok you know how there's good guys and there's bad guys? So you catch bad guys? Well not directly but I help Do you have a uniform? Eh, lab coat A gun? No He got a badge.
A laminate Well thank you so much for taking time from your busy schedule Mr.
Morgan to come and talk to the children Yeah it was a real learning experience Looks like I realy got through to em huh It would have sucked even worse today if I didn't have a dad today Thanks for inviting me buddy If anyone should have father issues, anger, rejection, abandonment it's Cody and what does he do? He moves on.
How does that happen? I was so bad you're crying? No, no it's just something I always wanted You being here for the kids It felt so wonderfully uncomplicated Hello? Mr.
Morgan this is Miguel Prado I need to see you Right away So much for uncomplicated It almost looks like a piece of art Thank you sir but to me it's more like a story Tell me that story Mr.
Morgan The encounter started over here The scuff-marks on the linoleum, the crumpling, the thrower-up, they all have the directional followty that leads to.
.
Now this is where your brother and Freebo he's my lieutenants prime suspect But you know that There was a brutal struggle I got to say it looks like your brother fought like a hero but he was overmatched and sustained a fatal stabwound to the chest Everything about the blood suggests that your brother bleed out almost instantly.
Did he suffer? Blood never lies So now i know how he died Question is why Well one more thing Mr.
Morgan Why would a blood spatter analyst spend time searching the sheriff departments database for information on my dead brother Uhm Like you sir I wanted to understand what happened here I felt that knowing some details about your brothers life help me make sense out of his death In your line of work Mr.
Morgan is it usual for you to get so involved? I just sounded like a prosecutor there, i'm sorry It's not a problem sir and no it's not usual for me to get so involved but this one, this death got to me It's just.
.
it seem so unreal.
.
he's gone Yeah I know So a man died Mr.
Morgan and what's left a soul? And what is that exactly? I realy couldn't tell you Because some people say the soul lives on forever I don't know Which makes you a synic It makes me a scientist So noone you ever loved has died? My father died when I was in my twenties and you don't believe that his soul, call it his lifeforce is still here somehow living inside you? Because I I should have been there for him You can't blame yourself sir.
It's easier said than done Mr.
Morgan Do me a favour You realy want to get to know my brother like you say Come to his wake tonight Come see how much and how, how fully he was loved.
Ok Taken enough of your day here, thank you.
.
Dexter This reports final? Blood specimen's I collected all came back belonging to Oscar Prado Trace prints on and around the victim all points to Freebo Anyone out there talking? Officer Morgan was hitting up the usual firewall of clammed up witnesses and eyewitnesses so I put her in touch with an old CI of mine hopefully she Hey Quinn that CI you put me on was totaly useless for Freebo Sadly it's not a perfect world Yeah for all we know Freebo is in like Nebraska by now Well I guess you don't owe me that favour then How come he gets favours? He doesn't But what the CI told me about the victims He wasn't some hero coach that went into the hood and took one for the team What do you mean? Oscar Prado was into Freebo for some serious cash Now why would someone be into i don't know a drugdealer for big bucks.
Because Oscar Prado the pride of little Havannah was a fucking junkie.
Thanks Maria Good one Morgan She's been in better moods Yeah I didn't exactly brighten her day No you didn't Excuse me for doing my fucking job! You see any other supercops coming down here with any leads? No Deb you're definitly amazing but you gotta I know i know i know Be aware of my surroundings take the temperature of the room before I open my mouth I know it's a bad habit I admit it Well look on the bright side now that you've given up men, boose and cigarettes running your mouth is the only bad habbit you have left That's right I'm a model of fucking perfection You know what day it is today right? How could I forget? You wanted to see me? Hey Baptista I need you to think about Debbie Morgans continued involvement on the Oscar Prado case You want me to throw her under the bus for what being a little overzealous It's not about heal It's about tact and sensitivities It's also about the real world This case is as high profile as it gets.
I No Morgan is resourceful, intanatious and usualy the right amount of pain in the ass But there's political ramifications and my history with Miguel Prado aside this case is just too big for her Just say the word Maria and I will follow your orders Becoming a homicide sergeant is more than just a bump in payscale it's a quantum leap in responsibility All part of moving up the chain If i'll bounce her she'll hate me Your her boss ? not her friend It's up to you Can I get another cranberry juice That makes three problems down under Geez I like the fucking taste ok Miss you dad My condolences Thank you for coming Losing my brother it's gonna leave a pain in my heart that I don't think ever gonna heal You have a brother Dexter? No just a one loud sister What she said back at the station It's ok I know my brother was a good man but i can tell that he suffered from the tragedy of perfection Who doesn't Oh indeed You attacked me with a knife in a dopedealers house.
No Oscar you certainly didn't suffer from the tragedy of perfection Then why do this feel so wrong? Why in your death are you still so alive in my life Did you know him well? Not as well as I thought Sorry Cuervo black Thanks Harry What the hell is that? Cranberry Juice is that gonna be a problem? Not even close to a problem but the taste is kinda funky You know by the time my dad was my age he already had his shield Kinda why i'm here I'm taking you off the Oscar Prado case I come up with grade a intel on Oscar Prado and I get tossed of the case for being a little loud? In a nutshell Did Maria put you up to this? It was my decision I'll tell you one thing Angel I'm not letting anyone getting in the way of me getting my shield There's only one person in this apartment that can get in your way Who? You Can I get a real fucking drink please? My sister still lives her life trying to please her father Me I'm following the lead of an eight year old kid I'm moving on Thank you for last night It was a nice surprise This is where I wanted to be Ah, again? All I want is chocolate pudding.
.
and you Not necessarily in that order Morgan.
Where the fuck where you last night Ritas It wasn't Ritas night Turns out it was I called you I know And you ignored me? Not you, Harry Deb i'm in a whole other place when it comes to dad I'm working out some personal stuff You're such a fucking guy What is this you got to kill your father so you can become your own man kind of bullshit Dad wasn't perfect but he was there for you - Deb wait - What? Im sorry I didn't notice your haircut So what is it, is it too short too young too dorky, what? It's beautiful Beautiful? You just said beautiful Yeah I did, cause it is It's like you honored dad for the both of us last night anyway I had some help You getting along with the new boss man? Aw fucker took me off the Oscar Prado case and put me on this Some dead end John Doe A couple of ladies of the night called this in Oh mother the Joz Could you turn that thing off! We'll work quietly About half way through your article Vince so far it is very moving Yeah I was trying to make second serie chromosome analysis sexy Glad you picking up on it Strangled There's no blood i'm the blood guy Why did you call me in Because of this Looks like our evildoer had an agenda Maybe it's a tattoo or something Dex I need to know if this was anti or post mortem Tegan Freebo's girlfriend Looks like he's still in Miami Hi there - You talk to Morgan yet? - Yep How'd she take it? There where curse words involved You did good Sergeant Way to be Thank you There ya go Dexter Good as new Hold the elevator, hold.
.
Asshole, Sorry, sergeant asshole Ramos, Masuka, Quinn Vamos we got some celebrating to do You still drink after last night A man has his needs You can go back to your cute little Cranberry Juice Nah taste like shit I'm gonna have a Mohito or ten on you searge Morgan! You still have the wrong person? There's a good reason why Quinn's of interest to IA Understand me when I say you have the wrong person I mean me These people are more than just badgenumbers to me They're my friends They're my family It's the sound of your shield calling for help Harry said that what's inside me would be there for ever and that I wouldn't be able to change He was half right Killing Oscar Prado was a bell I can't unring I had moved on from my father But i still need his code Now more than ever but it has to evolve Become my own Change is good Hey you Hey yourself This music again? Chocolate pudding again? Shit What? I have done this before What do you mean? I'm pregnant

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s03e01

