The Vampire Diaries s04e12 Episode Script
A View to a Kill

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e12

My name is Elena Gilbert.
I'm a new vampire, and there have been complications.
I know I'm sired to you, Damon.
You know what would make me happy? That what you actually felt for me was real.
But there's hope now: A cure.
This cure has ruined us and it hasn't even been found yet.
- What do you know about Silas? - The first immortal being who happens to be imprisoned with the cure.
Unlikely alliances have formed.
- What are you doing? - How can I help? No feelings, no attachments.
Some'll stop at nothing to make sure we never find it.
You're going to find Jeremy Gilbert.
Kill him.
Kol compelled Damon to kill you, you're gonna kill Kol instead.
Leaving so soon? This is my place, Nik.
I don't appreciate you invading my privacy like some Creeping Tom.
Well, I apologize for breaking up this sordid little tryst but I have urgent business.
Or have you forgotten our brother Kol is running around with the stake and homicide on the brain? He tried to kill me.
I didn't forget.
Yes, well, unfortunately, he seems to have absconded with my set of daggers.
Poor Nik.
How ever will you get your way without your precious daggers? They were so handy when you wanted to end a conversation.
Kol's irrational fear of Silas has pushed him over the edge.
We need to put him down before he does more damage.
I know you have the last dagger, and some white ash, so hand it over.
And leave myself unprotected? You can file that request under "no chance in hell.
" Be gone by the time I've showered.
Lurkers aren't welcome here.
I need that dagger, Stefan.
Talk some sense into her.
Why don't you talk some sense into her? I'm headed home to play prison guard to Damon.
He's on lockdown ever since Kol compelled him to kill Jeremy.
You see, that's my point exactly.
If you let Kol roam free, then Jeremy won't live to see his junior prom and we can kiss our map to the cure goodbye.
But if you help me dagger Kol, Damon will be uncompelled Jeremy will live, and we'll all be on our merry way to a human Elena.
Where are you? I told Caroline I'd take her place at dance prep but none of the rest of you showed.
I know, I'm sorry, I had to though.
I've got Jeremy under house-arrest because Kol wants to kill him and Klaus wants to take him on some vampire-slaying road trip.
And since neither of them are invited in, it's the only place I can keep him safe.
- Why does it sound like you're under fire? - Apparently I'm living in a fraternity house.
- I'm training.
- Me too.
Train yourself to do dishes.
And put these weapons away before someone tries to use one on me.
It's hard to look forward to this dance while you're trapped in your house.
Listen, I have a plan to put an end to all of this.
I want Jeremy to kill Kol.
- You want him to kill an Original? - Think about it.
Kol's sire line must stretch to the moon by now.
If Jeremy kills Kol, every vampire that he's ever turned not to mention everyone that they've turned, will die.
Which means the Hunter's Mark will be complete and we'll have our key to finding the cure.
I'm on my way.
We'll figure it out.
Do you think Caroline will notice if there's only 89 red balloons? Actually, probably yes.
Ahh! Elena? - Sorry.
- What happened? I don't know.
There's something in the water.
Are you serious? You dumped vervain into the water supply? - Where did you even get it? - I have my sources.
I'm also reinstating the curfew and canceling all town events.
- Dad, there's a dance tonight.
- Not anymore.
Are you serious? Honey, I'm trying to protect you, not punish you.
- The well-being of this town is my job now.
- No, Dad, it's mine.
- And I've been doing fine without you.
- You've been doing fine? Like me to read the names of people that have gone missing or died in tragic accidents in your senior year alone? Head straight home, please.
Family meeting.
No one can get to the cure if you're too dead to find it.
You coming to snap my neck again? Because I woke up feeling completely un-murderous so I'm pretty sure that it's safe to set me free.
Oh, man.
Really? You practically bled me dry.
At least spring for a bag or something.
I'm thirsty.
Not exactly what I had in mind.
Hello, mate.
What the hell are you doing here? Babysitting.
Oh.
Give him a vial of blood every couple of hours so he doesn't desiccate.
If he gets too much strength or if he just annoys you, bleed him out again.
The silent treatment, huh? Is that your best shot? He's still pissed at me for sleeping with Elena.
Are you sure about that? Because I caught him trying to sneak out of Rebekah's bed this morning.
Which would suggest to me that he's moved on.
Well, well.
Looks like my brother ripped out a page of my revenge-sex handbook.
Well, why don't you two enjoy your little villain bonding time? I'll let you know when I get the dagger from Rebekah.
Damon's fine.
Locked him up with all the comforts he deserves.
That's not why I called.
Kol just tried to kill Bonnie.
What? Is she okay? Yeah.
Just shaken up.
She managed to hold him off but Kol seems intent on murdering anyone looking for that cure.
Yeah, Klaus has me trying to convince Rebekah to give up her dagger.
I don't want to just dagger Kol, I want Jeremy to kill him.
- What did you just say? - Bonnie says she's got all this new power.
She thinks she can hold him long enough for Jeremy to get a shot.
And then what? Klaus and Rebekah will kill every single one of us.
They may be dysfunctional bickering lunatics but they stick together.
That's why you need the dagger.
Use it on Rebekah.
She can't come looking for revenge if she's laying in a box.
Yeah, I can't do that.
I know you can't because vampires can't use the dagger, but Matt can.
And it's not like she doesn't deserve it.
And Bonnie thinks she can get Klaus out of the picture too, at least temporarily.
Once we get this cure, none of this will matter.
We can use it against them.
All, right.
Fine.
But how do you plan to lure Kol in? Jeremy Gilbert.
Nice to see I'm still in your speed dial, mate.
Hey, you want to meet up in the batting cages? Actually, it's Elena Gilbert.
What a treat.
Yeah, I was just thinking of all the clever ways I could have your brother killed but I'd settle for ripping off his illustrated arm.
I need to talk to you.
In person.
I wanna call a truce.
In the name of Silas.
You want to talk about Silas? Meet you wherever you want.
I'll come to you.
Tell you what.
How about I come to you? You want a truce? Open the door and invite me in.
I'm waiting.
Let me in and let's talk truce.
- Hello? - Wouldn't I be stupid to invite you in? I can't kill your brother with my own two hands or I'll suffer the Hunter's Curse and spend the 20 next years trying to off myself in gruesome ways.
And I've heard vervain's back in town, so I can't compel you to kill him.
So I think it's fair to say you're semi-safe.
For now.
I'm the only one that can invite him.
He's right.
Obviously.
You'd think being alive for a thousand years would teach manners but I couldn't resist stopping by.
If I let you in, my brother goes.
You're not getting near him.
Fair enough.
You can come in.
No gold medals for bravery, I see.
You know the thing I love about the modern age is music any time you like.
So this is the part where you offer me a drink so we can have a proper chat.
The colors, the fabric.
The '80s were just tragic.
You know, shoulder pads rival 17th century Puritan smocks for crimes against fashion.
- Looking for something for the dance? - Why? Are you asking me as your date? Actually, it was canceled.
So why are you here? Back for more dagger talk? - Somebody has some trust issues.
- It's called healthy skepticism.
You were trying to sneak out this morning.
I'm not stupid.
Sorry.
I'm still trying to get used to this.
- Do you regret it? - No.
- Do you want it to happen again? - Maybe.
Even if I don't give you the dagger? You think that I would sleep with you just to get the dagger? Don't give me that innocent look.
You've done plenty in the name of getting what you want.
I guess I should pack up these racks.
Just another failed attempt at getting to a high school dance.
Why do you care so much about a dance? I don't.
I was just bored.
Right.
Well, we can still go if you want.
Not if it's canceled, we can't.
Since when do you care about the rules? You know, none of this would be an issue if you'd have just done your job properly.
- I was willing to let you train Jeremy.
- No, you weren't.
You kidding? You got there day two.
Do you know how hard it is to get these Xbox brains to focus? And then when I turned a room full of barflies into vampires for him to slaughter you let Kol kill them.
Your brother problem, not mine, buddy.
And whose bright idea was it to saddle Jeremy with a conscience? Well, couldn't have him trying to stake Elena in her sleep, now, could we? Yes.
For the love of Elena.
How is it that she manages to overlook every horrific thing you've ever done? Willful ignorance? Or something more pathological? Some people are more capable of forgiveness than others.
I bet you score about a negative 500 in that realm.
Come on.
There must be a secret.
It can't just be the sire bond.
What is it? Compulsion? Manipulation? What is it you say to her? I think that this has something to do with a certain blond vampire.
You murdered Carol and I think you're worried that Caroline's never gonna forgive you.
- You've done worse.
- Debatable.
See, I don't mind being the bad guy.
Somebody has to fill that role and get things done.
You do bad things for no reason.
- You do them to be a dick.
- Debatable.
If you're gonna be bad, be bad with purpose.
Otherwise, you're just not worth forgiving.
Sorry, I had to dig up the old-people alcohol.
Yeah, that's the problem with people today, they have no drinking imagination.
Turn of the century New Orleans, they knew how to make a drink.
You lived in New Orleans? We all did.
Until Niklaus shoved a dagger in my heart.
- Why? What did you do? - What makes you think I did anything? Has your alliance with my brother softened you to his horrors? I don't have an alliance with Klaus.
We had a mutual interest in finding the cure, that's all.
- Had? - Yes.
I'm willing to give up looking if you promise to leave my brother alone.
Now can you teach me how to make this? I'll get some ice.
Bonnie, where are you? I've called like 17 times.
Kol is in our house, we need you.
Okay, I'm headed to your house now.
Here you go.
Would you like one? Sure.
Why not? You're really good at that game.
Especially considering you've been locked up in a coffin for a hundred years.
I'm a quick learner.
Speedy reflexes.
But it's not much like the real thing, though, is it? You've killed, haven't you? Or are you one of those Mary Sue vampires? I've killed.
Once.
I'm guessing your number's a lot higher than mine.
You lose track over the years.
So are we going to talk about Silas, or just jibber-jabber? No one else seems to think Silas exists.
- So why do you? - I used to run with some witches.
Africa in the 14th century, Haiti in the 17th century.
New Orleans in the 1900s.
They all knew about Silas and that he needed to stay buried.
- I actually hold witches in high esteem.
- Yeah, but why Silas? Why are you so afraid of him? They said if Silas rises he'll unleash hell on earth.
I like earth just the way it is.
That's pretty biblical.
That's the other problem with people today.
They've lost faith, and in that loss, they no longer know who they should fear.
I have to get to Elena's.
Seen my phone? I've got your phone.
And I've got your car keys.
And I told you we are having a family meeting.
Is that something you read in a book? Because we've never had a family meeting.
I've let this go on long enough.
Shane said you and your magic are like a ticking time bomb.
- And I told you, he's crazy.
- I lost your mother to witchcraft.
I don't intend to lose you.
It's not your life.
It's mine.
- Yeah? - Hey, is Bonnie here? She's busy.
- It's important.
- What's going on? I've called you like a hundred times.
Kol is in our house.
- I have to go.
- I said no.
Stop telling me what to do.
No one's going anywhere.
Mom? Abby.
Please come in.
- What are you doing here? - Your father called.
Who's Professor Shane? What has he been teaching you? - We don't have time for this.
- This is a family matter.
My sister's in trouble.
- We need Bonnie's help.
- My daughter is done helping Elena Gilbert.
- Now get out.
- Mom.
Answer my question.
What lies has this professor been telling you? Don't! Jeremy.
Hey.
Stop.
Stop.
Don't hurt her, she's my mom.
Look at me.
Come on.
Okay.
Just go, okay? I'm right behind you.
You wanna talk? Let's talk.
So we're out of gin, but I think this is a good year.
What if I said I don't believe you? Okay.
You caught me.
I don't know anything about wine.
It seems odd that you'd be willing to give up something you want so much.
I would do anything for my brother.
And if what you're saying about Silas is true what does it matter what I want if it puts everyone else in danger? Well, this has been enlightening.
Thanks for the drinks.
I'll take your request for a truce under advisement.
Is there any chance that you could be wrong about Silas? Trust me, Elena.
Some things are better left buried.
I think I saw a horror movie that started just like this.
Did you know they play movies on TV all night long now? Hundreds of them.
So much better than those silly black-and-white shows we used to go to.
Wake up now I don't know.
I kind of miss the old ones.
You got any requests for the DJ? I'll let you pick.
Nothing cheesy.
Well, that leaves out about half the decade.
Make this into - I hope you like The Cure.
- Funny.
So was everything about the '80s so excessive? It had its charm.
Say Anything: Lloyd Dobler standing outside of a bedroom window with a boombox over his head, desperately trying to get back the girl of his dreams.
Princess Bride: Westley slays giant rats for love.
Breakfast Club: One detention turns a bunch of outcasts into allies.
So it was a decade of sentimental drivel as well.
Well, I was gonna say love.
Friendship.
The possibility of anything happening.
You would've loved it.
And why is that? Because as much as we both hate to admit it, we care about those things.
Ahem.
That better not be a corsage.
I loathe corsages.
These were all the rage in the '80s.
Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am young again Let's dance.
Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am fun again I'm sorry.
He left.
I mean, I tried to stall as long as I could.
That's Bonnie.
She was right behind me.
I've considered your request for a truce.
Request denied.
I'm sorry, I've already been invited in.
Hide and seek? Fine by me.
Dad needs to mind his own business.
He had no right to call you.
It's not just your father, Bonnie.
Witches talk.
Word gets around.
I found a new way to practice.
It's unconventional, but I can handle myself.
- That's not what Shane said.
- Shane is in a jail cell.
- You're gonna take his word over mine? - I've warned you about dark magic before.
It's not dark magic, it's expression.
And I need it.
They found a cure, Mom.
There's a cure for vampirism and I can do the spell to access it.
I can save you.
But I have to go now.
I'm not the one that needs to be saved.
You are.
Your brother's lack of communication is infuriating.
It's one of his trademarks.
Like his brooding and his hair.
I don't understand what's taking so long.
How hard is it to steal a dagger? From a vampire who's been stabbed by it as often as your sister? I'd say difficult.
Sweet.
You disappoint me, Damon.
You're not trying to get out.
I expected more the daring escape artist, less the a cell potato.
I am compelled to kill Jeremy.
I figured it's smarter to sit in here and chit-chat with you than bust out of here like the Hulk.
How do you think Elena felt about that, by the way? Your inability to overcome Kol's compulsion for a single moment even though it meant killing the person she loves the most? She's met me.
She knows impulse control is not my strong suit.
Still, it must be hard trying to live up to Stefan.
I remember when I compelled him to feed on Elena.
He fought so hard he actually managed to resist.
Now that's love.
What do you know about love? I know you're in love with Elena but I think you're afraid of what might happen when we find the cure.
Personally, I don't see a fairy-tale ending for you.
All I see is Stefan and Elena.
I think you see the same thing.
Well, if it isn't the happy homicidal maniac.
Do you know your former blood-bag and her brother are trying to kill me? - What? - Don't pretend you're not in on it.
Your obsession to find the cure clearly trumps any sibling loyalty you once felt.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm going to rip off Jeremy's arm and kill Elena, just for sport.
Then I'm coming for you.
Ahh! What the hell is going on? I don't know.
What are Stefan and Elena planning? I don't know.
I've been stuck in the penalty box with you since yesterday.
Stefan won't talk to me and Elena won't come to see me.
Maybe you're right, maybe she's written me off.
Tell me what you know.
I don't know anything about a plan.
Stay here till I return.
I will stay here until you return.
Or not.
I'm a cowboy On a steel horse I ride I'm wanted Dead or alive It's amazing what you can find stashed away in the teacher's lounge.
This song is not as terrible as the other ones.
This song is the Godfather of rock anthems, okay? What's going on with you? You're fun tonight.
I can't listen to this music without thinking of my best friend Lexi.
We spent most of the '80s together.
I remember this one time, she snuck us backstage and compelled the band to do tequila shots with us before their show.
She was fearless.
Kind of like you.
So you slept with her too? No.
It wasn't like that.
I was a better person when I was with her.
I didn't think I'd ever feel that way again.
Until Elena.
And now that's over.
That look right there? That is why I don't let myself care.
Well, you can say that, but we both know it's not true.
Don't worry.
I'll protect you if Kol tracks his way to this abandoned dance.
- I think I'll choose the next song.
- No, you know what? I have a better idea.
That way.
Well, are you coming? Missed.
Go! Now about that arm.
Like that.
This is ridiculous.
That's the whole point of the Breakfast Club slide.
It's supposed to be ridiculous.
No, that's cheating.
What's fun about hurtling down a hallway like a teenage imbecile? You're gonna have to do it to find out.
All right, it's the shoes.
Take off your shoes, you'll be flying, okay? This is what you want, right? Go ahead.
Take it.
You're right.
I do care.
I want stupid koala corsages and a prom.
I want to have kids with someone who loves me enough to stand outside my window with a boombox.
I want to be human.
So let Klaus put down my brother and let's go find the cure.
Come on.
Let's go home.
You're drugging her? Just enough to keep her down until I can get some witches here to clean her mind from that poison that professor's been teaching her.
That's not happening.
Bonnie, please.
Bonnie! I don't belong to the spirits anymore.
I belong to myself.
I'm sorry.
Like I said, I don't fancy the Hunter's Curse, so I'm just gonna chop off your arm.
Don't worry, I'll heal you with a bit of blood after.
Sorry about the sting.
Now, which arm is it? Is it the left or right? I'll just chop off both to be safe.
Jeremy! Now! What did you do? We didn't have a choice.
- He was trying to cut off Jeremy's arm.
- Lies.
He never would have gotten inside if you hadn't set a trap.
- You said were going to put him down too.
- I was gonna make him suffer on my terms! I'm gonna burn this house to the ground and then when you try to flee for your lives I'll kill you without blinking.
- Kill us, you'll never get the cure.
You'll never be able to make any more hybrids.
Do you really think I care for an instant about my bloody hybrids? I want the cure so I can destroy it.
I would've killed you the second we dug it up.
But now I'm just gonna watch you burn instead.
Invite him in.
Do it.
Come in.
Living room.
Go! Witch.
- You can't do this to me.
- You have no idea what I can do now.
I will hunt all of you to your end! Do you hear me? Do you? I don't believe you.
Kol's not dead.
He can't be.
Listen, Rebekah.
They didn't have a choice.
Kol started this when he went after Jeremy.
He went after you too, you remember? He was never gonna let us find the cure.
So you knew.
This whole night you knew.
I'm not gonna let people I care about get hurt.
Not Jeremy.
Not Elena.
Not even Damon.
And you can hate me for it, but now he can't hurt you either.
And I want us to find this cure together.
You and me.
Not just for Elena, but for you.
So you can have what you want.
You can be who you want.
You can be human again.
Everyone deserves a second chance, right? Why would I trust you? I don't know.
I guess I could give you my word but at the end of the day, you have to take a leap.
- It didn't work.
- It took time for Finn's line to die, remember? It'll work.
What if it doesn't? Where's that Gilbert optimism? Hi.
Sorry I missed all the excitement.
I'm just happy to see you.
Looks like I didn't miss much.
I got the Silas headstone.
We're just waiting for Jeremy's mark to grow.
- Klaus is trapped in our living room.
- Temporarily.
I drew on the new moon to bind the spell.
We've got three days to find that cure.
Four, max.
If we don't, look up Katherine Pierce and see if she wants some company because he will come after us.
- We'll find it.
Now that we've got Rebekah taken care of all we need is Shane and we'll have everything we need.
Yeah, I didn't dagger her.
What? Why not? I didn't need to.
She's on our side.
On our side? Did you really just say that? Yeah.
She handed over the headstone.
She wants this cure more than any of us.
Why would you possibly think you can trust her? Let me guess.
She pledged her allegiance to you while you were naked in the sack? I bet you were just dying to get that out, weren't you? Oh, was that supposed to be a secret? You should've made that clearer while you were bleeding me.
Yeah, to keep you from killing Jeremy.
- Stop it.
Both of you.
- Why don't you tell her to calm down? You've managed to use that sire bond pretty well so far.
It's happening.
Oh, my God.
You can see it? Here we go.


Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e12

