The Vampire Diaries s04e09 Episode Script
O Come, All Ye Faithful

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e09

Mystic Falls, I was born here.
This is my home.
And mine.
And mine.
For centuries, supernatural creatures have lived among us.
They're vampires, werewolves, doppelgängers.
- Witches.
- And even hybrids.
While some search for a cure no matter what the consequences Others plot a revolution.
If you wanna be free, we have to work together.
- And some try to walk away.
- Elena's sired to Damon.
You don't think I'm gonna be able to tell Elena to stay away from me.
I know what you're about to do.
Please, don't do this to me.
I'm not the good guy, remember? I'm the selfish one.
I have to do the right thing by you.
This would be so much more fun if we were naked.
That was your call, not mine.
I was being a gentleman.
You shouldn't have stayed.
I know.
I should've made you leave, sent you packing.
I promised Stefan.
- I know.
- You're sired to me, Elena.
Which means everything you think you feel might not even be real.
I know, Damon, but it feels real.
And I'm not ready to let go of that.
Well, I could make you.
Invoke the sire bond.
So do it.
I told him I would set you free.
Right after I didn't tell him that we slept together.
So, what do you wanna do? I wanna throw you back in my bed and never let you leave.
So do it.
Saved by the cell phone.
I have to meet Bonnie.
She's teaching Jeremy how not to kill me.
Wanna come? Looks like a giant snowflake.
I prefer to think of it as an expression of post modernism.
It's my donation to the Winter Wonderland Charity event.
You said it was urgent? Yes.
Take this to the Mystic Grill immediately.
You want me to be a delivery guy? What I want is for you to do whatever I say without the attitude.
And be careful with that.
It's still wet.
Abraham Lincoln freed the slaves, you know.
What is the point of hybrids being sired to me if I can't maximize on the benefits of free labor? What are you doing here? - Elena is sired to Damon.
- I intuited as much.
Which means I need to find the cure now and yet here you are making post-modern snowflakes.
I've delivered.
I retrieved the Hunter's Sword which we'll use to decipher the map in the Hunter's Mark.
You're the one who's supposed to deliver the hunter and his mark.
Jeremy is the hunter.
He has to keep killing vampires to complete his mark but we can't figure out how to keep him from killing us.
Sounds like quite the chore, which is why I feel perfectly justified doing charity work.
Hmm.
Or maybe you're lying about having found the sword.
Why would I lie to you, Stefan? We're in this together.
The hilt acts as a cipher which we'll use to decode Jeremy's tattoo when he's killed enough vampires to complete it.
I heard you moved out of your house.
Bit of a martyr move.
Hmm? I'm not here to bond, Klaus.
Oh, on the contrary.
I think right now I'm the best friend you got.
I'm sick of taking his crap.
I should rip his throat out.
See if he can boss us around without a larynx.
- You won't have to much longer.
- You keep saying that but here we are plotting a revolution that's never gonna happen.
Never say never.
And never say I don't pull through.
I found the witch that's gonna save your lives.
Are you serious? We promised you guys we'd free you from Klaus.
You did your part by breaking your sire bond.
Hayley and I are going to do ours.
You're going to do what? Hayley found a witch to do the body-jump spell.
The Klaus specialty.
So you're gonna put him in someone else's body and then what? - Encase the body in concrete, bury it.
- Why not desiccate him like Bonnie did? You have to stop a human heart.
I was a little short on volunteers.
Who was dumb enough to volunteer their body to be a Klaus sublet? - Okay, don't freak out - Freak out? Freak out? I'm about to hemorrhage.
You volunteered? It's not forever.
Just long enough for the hybrids to be able to disappear.
I can think of better ways for us to spend senior year than you buried in concrete, Tyler.
This started with me.
This has to end with me.
I need your support.
Jeremy.
They shouldn't be here.
They're here to help you.
Do you trust me? Yeah.
Yeah, I trust you.
Let's go inside.
What the hell's Professor Shadypants doing here? I invited him.
Okay, listen, we are ready to get started but before we can do that, we need her in here.
This is your house now, Jer.
You have to invite me in.
Go ahead, Jeremy.
Invite her in.
You can come in.
Jeremy! Hey.
Sorry, I know I'm late.
If I'm gonna be a friend, then you need to work on your punctuality.
- I'm in a crisis, where are you? - I'm at my house.
Why, what's wrong? My boyfriend is a dumb-ass martyr.
Wait, your house? Aren't you trying to keep your distance from Elena? Well, she's not here anymore.
Damon took Jeremy to the Gilbert lake house with Bonnie so her house is safe.
Hey, listen, I got Klaus to tell me a little bit more about this Hunter's Sword.
You know that map in Jeremy's tattoo? The sword decodes it.
- It's literally the key to finding the cure.
- Klaus told you this? Yeah.
Why? And did he happen to hand over the sword for safekeeping? Heh.
Uh, what do you think? What's wrong? We need to get our hands on that sword.
Like, today.
Tyler and his hybrids are taking out Klaus tonight.
Here to steal Tiny Tim's crutches? Dickens was a dark man.
You would've liked him.
Nice snowflake, by the way.
Is my work really that literal? I'm serious.
There's something lonely about it.
I'm gonna take that as a compliment.
Can I offer you some champagne? Can't.
Too many adult prying eyes.
Don't wanna be a cautionary tale at the next town meeting.
Then it's a good thing the high school part's nearly over.
If we're gonna be nice to each other, then I'll need that glass of champagne.
Is that our thing? Heh.
We don't have a thing.
Allow me.
Well, he's not walking around with it.
Check the rest of the house.
- I am.
I haven't found anything.
- Try the sock drawer.
People leave the sketchiest stuff in drawers.
I'm gonna need real ideas, Damon.
Here's two: Kill Tyler before he goes to Klaus or, since Klaus has suddenly become MVP in our relay race for the cure tell him about the hybrids, he'll kill Tyler.
Nobody's killing Tyler.
Hello? Stefan.
Look, I know it's a touchy subject, but do you know where Elena is today? I think she's running around trying to figure how to deprogram Jeremy.
How'd she take it last night, you telling her to stay away? Not well.
- You okay? - Peachy.
Gotta go.
Bonnie's enlisted Dr.
Evil in her plan and I have to thwart him.
All Jeremy feels when he sees a vampire is a burning desire to kill them.
Even if consciously he doesn't want to.
As in your case, it's his subconscious that's calling the shots.
Persuasion helps reverse your subconscious thoughts.
Think of it as kind of a conditioned response, right? See vampire, kill vampire.
What I'm doing is creating a kind of middle step it's like a detour, where his subconscious learns to recognize you as someone he loves, someone he wants to protect.
And that gives him a choice.
He can choose to take the detour instead of the conditioned response.
Okay, talk to him.
He'll listen.
I'm not sure what to say.
You chose to do this here, at your family's vacation house.
Just start by telling him why.
Every holiday we came here.
This place was family.
And when Mom and Dad died, Jenna made us come here.
And we thought it was an awful idea, but it was like they were here with us.
They would've wanted us to stick together, Jer.
To fight for each other, no matter what.
Jeremy, how do you feel about Elena right now? She ruined our lives.
She's not even my real sister.
She's just the reason that everyone I've ever loved has died.
She means nothing to me.
I will kill her, even if that means I die myself.
Did it work? - Hey.
- Hey.
- Did you find the sword? - Nope.
What are we gonna do now? Klaus is the only shot we have at finding the cure.
We need him.
Tyler has to call it off.
Well, that's not gonna happen.
You told him? I've had 12 hybrids sworn to secrecy for a month.
I have Hayley and a witch risking their lives.
You're blabbing to him? - All I'm asking for is a little bit of time.
- How long? An hour? A day? Because every minute that goes by that we don't do this, they're at risk.
You and Klaus already served one of them up for Jeremy to kill.
I don't owe you anything.
I'm taking him out.
I'm sorry, but I can't let you do that.
- Stefan.
- I'm sorry, but I can't.
Stefan.
Sorry, man.
But you don't have a choice.
Hey, you're not allowed to feel this sorry for yourself unless you're sitting on a bar stool.
Fortunately, I travel with the bar.
It didn't work.
I shouldn't have put so much hope into reprogramming someone's mind.
If it were that easy, then you and I wouldn't be in this situation.
Right? Last time I was here, I was so completely in love with Stefan.
Now that's just barely a memory.
Is that the sire bond? Or just that I'm so happy to be here with you? Maybe there's something else they can try.
- Tyler.
- Keep them down here until we're ready to bring Klaus in.
Use these if you have to.
Come on, this is bigger than you.
It's about more than revenge for us.
I know what it's about for you, Stefan.
It's about the cure.
What happens to a hybrid when he's cured of being a vampire? We go back to being werewolves.
Turning on every full moon.
We could give a rat's ass about the cure.
- Tyler, come on.
- I needed you on my side, Car.
That's all I wanted.
You okay? Shane wants to try again.
Survey says: Professor Shane has been dipping into the magical herbs too much if he thinks using a vampire to suppress the need to kill another one is gonna work on a hunter.
It's like dangling a cheeseburger in front of someone on a master cleanse.
Just find someone else to attach your warm and fuzzy detour feelings to.
Gee, I wonder who that could be.
You.
I feel that way about you.
Well, this isn't awkward at all.
I'll be anywhere else.
Good thinking using Bonnie as Jeremy's emotional touchstone.
Damon is very intuitive.
Bonnie told me about your relationship with him.
- I don't mean to pry, obviously.
- It's complicated.
Hmm.
Any ideas how to hypnotize me out of it? In all my world travels, the one spell that I've never found is how to break somebody from loving too much.
Trust me, I've looked.
My wife and son died.
I was just trying to figure out a way not to miss them.
If your hypno-herbs work we should be singing "Kumbaya" around the fire by dinner.
So now tell me why I'm not killing you? - Damon.
- I'm serious.
- Why are you after the vampire cure? - I didn't say I was looking for the cure.
But I can tell you where to find it.
Klaus' sword will tell us where.
The sword will lead you there, sure, but so can I.
What? How? Because I've already been there.
Instruct guests to drop their donations at the tree in the Grill.
Yes, ma'am.
Excuse me.
There you are.
Quick, a toast before people can judge us.
What's wrong? Please say something.
But you'll miss graduation.
Which I guess is a ridiculous thing to worry about.
I'm their alpha.
They're looking to me to help them.
You do what you have to do, Tyler.
Don't look so shocked.
I'm trying to channel your father.
He'd be proud of you, you know.
You're a leader of people, just like he was.
Thank you, Mom.
- It's a rock.
- It's not just any rock.
Mm.
Is this that little wives tale you told at the occult exhibit? Right.
Long story short once upon a time there was a witch named Silas who loved a girl.
He wanted to be with her forever.
So he and his best friend, another witch, made an immortality spell.
And then Silas' best friend witch got jealous and killed Silas's girl before he had a chance to make her immortal.
Cursed to an eternity without his one true love Silas finds a way to reverse the immortality spell and then before he has a chance to take it his former friend buries him underground leaving him, and the cure, to rot.
So it's a cure for immortality? Human blood is the life force of an immortal.
No more immortality, no more need to feed on blood.
You dig up Silas and you've got your cure.
This is ridiculous.
We are not hostages.
Sure you are, sweetie.
Relax.
It's my brother.
- What's up? - Don't ask how or why or who.
I found the answer to your Tyler problem.
You're kidding.
We don't need the sword.
This is the mark of the Brotherhood of the Five.
And up the arm you have the murder of a girl by a witch.
The symbols in the vines are your map, which, obviously, you no longer need.
When this mark is complete it will contain the spell that we need to dig up Silas.
And where'd you say he was buried? Oh, I forgot, you didn't.
You've threatened to kill me, what, three times already this week? The location's helping me survive your bad moods.
And what's in it for you? If not the cure, then what? I'm in this for Silas.
Up until this point he's only been myth.
- So write a thesis.
- Would you rather be the guy who writes about Noah's Ark? Or the one who sails it down the Hudson River? - Not buying it.
- You don't have to.
You just have to believe that I can fix your brother.
When his Hunter's Mark's complete, I take you to the cure.
- How did you get out? - I got out because your idiot hybrids recognize the stupidity of your alpha-hybrid martyr plan.
I'm not gonna fight with you.
Oh, we're gonna fight, the second you shove Klaus into someone's body.
We've been through this.
I don't have anyone else's body.
- Yeah? Well, I do.
- What? Who? Klaus' sister Rebekah.
She's got a dagger in her.
Stefan's hiding her coffin in the tunnels.
We dump Klaus into her body, bury her kill two Original birds with one stone.
- It's too late to change the plan.
Call Bonnie.
Make sure it'll work.
- Tyler.
- It's a brilliant plan, Hayley.
- You're a genius.
I love you.
- Ha, ha.
Mm.
I love you.
Even when I hate you.
I gotta go find my mom, let her know I might actually graduate.
How's it going? I think we're making progress.
- Caroline.
Hey.
- I need you to think fast.
I know the daggers don't work on Klaus, what if we put his essence into Rebekah? - It'll work, right? Say it'll work.
- Slow down.
What's happening? Just come on, Bonnie, will it work? Yeah, I don't see why not.
Ah.
Bonnie Bennett, I love you.
Do you need my help? I can leave Elena here with Jeremy.
Elena? She's there too? Yeah.
She came with Damon who's being slightly less horrible than usual.
You know what? I can't deal with this right now.
She said it would work.
I gathered.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Jer and I should take these decorations home with us.
We could use the holiday cheer.
Look at you, suddenly Polly Optimist.
Shane's gonna get us through this.
I trust him.
Which you clearly don't.
Maybe because I think he blew up 12 people at the Young Farm.
- What? - A little tip, professor.
I heard you before you even took your first step.
We're back to the false accusation part of our relationship? What is he talking about? I was in contact with Pastor Young prior to the explosion at the Young Farm.
Now, the pastor was severely depressed.
He had lost his wife to cancer and he sought me out for a little supernatural assistance.
But he was too far gone.
I never expected that he'd take 11 innocents with him.
Elena.
It's okay.
I think we've got this.
Elena, don't move, okay? No matter what.
Jeremy, remember the detour.
Choose the right path.
She doesn't like me much.
- Where have you been all day? - I've been around.
Not interested in vagaries.
You've been dodgy, Caroline's been lovely which I recognize as a tool of distraction.
Now, do you have something to share with me or should I compel it out of you? I broke into your safe to look for the sword.
- Why? - Because I don't trust you.
I showed you the sword.
I explained its value.
I've been on your side the entire time.
What do you want from me? A secret brotherhood handshake? I found the letters.
You have a few pen pals over the centuries? Well, is keeping my victim's letters really so different from writing their names on a wall like you did, Ripper? Loneliness, Stefan.
That's why you and I memorialize our dead.
There's the brief moment before we kill where we hold their life in our hands and then we rip it away.
And we're left with nothing.
Gathering other people's letters, writing their names on a wall, it's a reminder that in the end we're left infinitely and utterly alone.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, hello? Are you okay? Um Oh, my gosh.
Caroline? Somebody help.
Help! - Holy crap.
- Have you seen Hayley? You didn't have a pulse.
You were dead.
Stefan, it's me.
That little werewolf slut has lost her mind.
Get to the cellar, make sure Rebekah's body is there.
I'm gonna find Tyler.
Hayley's trying to screw this up.
Forget everything you just saw and heard.
You are Miss Mystic Falls and you have duties to fulfill.
Okay.
There you are.
Stefan's been looking for you.
Adrian's leading Klaus to the cellar.
How come the only time April isn't following you is when I'm lying dead with a broken neck? - April saw you? Yeah.
It's okay, I compelled her.
No, she's wearing Jeremy's vervain bracelet.
She can't be compelled.
Hey, Mom, I don't see you.
Things have changed.
It's gonna be fine.
I'll be back later.
I'll pick you up.
What are you doing here? You're taking the witch to the cellar.
There is no witch, Tyler.
- What? - I made it up.
Where is the witch? Adrian should be here any minute.
Kim.
No! I never intended for you to put Klaus down.
I needed him for the sacrifice.
The what? I don't know how to explain.
I made a deal with someone who can help me find my family.
What are you talking about? What kind of deal? There needed to be 12 for the sacrifice, Tyler.
Twelve what? I'm sorry.
Hayley, what did you do? If you run now, you might make it out alive.
Where is Tyler Lockwood? You'd do well to answer me, love.
Where is he? I don't know.
Wrong answer.
Hey, check this out.
Jenna used that to make out with Logan Fell.
With all the drama, you're missing the actual fun part.
Elena, we can't.
I can't.
Damon, you can't keep telling me that this isn't real.
I know how I feel and that you feel it too, so stop fighting it.
It's good to see you like that.
All normal with your brother.
I want that again for you.
Christmas was always mine and Stefan's favorite holiday when we were kids.
Not that I've celebrated it since.
I kind of miss that.
You're thinking about how upset he'll be when he finds out that you and I are together.
- I've been lying to him all day.
- You were helping with Jeremy.
The point is not what I was doing, the point is that I'm here with you.
I was supposed to invoke the sire bond, Elena, send you away.
I was supposed to do the right thing by you and the right thing by my brother.
Which is what I'm gonna do right now.
You're gonna go home.
- What? No.
Damon - I'm gonna stay with Jeremy.
I'll help him complete the mark, teach him to hunt.
I'll protect him and we'll kill vampires without you.
Damon, please.
I'm setting you free, Elena.
This is what I want.
This is what will make me happy.
Matt can't find April, I can't reach Tyler this is a disaster.
Is this you in crisis mode? It's a lot more stealth than mine.
You know, I thought I'd be happier watching Klaus get led away to the slaughter.
But for some reason, I can't help but feel kind of guilty.
Yeah, you and me both.
All day I've been trying to remind myself of all the horrible things he's done.
See, that's the thing.
We've all done horrible things.
And I'm sitting here trying to figure out what makes us any better than him and I think it's just that we have family we can trust.
Yeah.
You're right, Stefan.
Trust is everything.
Have you heard from Damon? Yeah.
He's still with Jeremy at the lake house.
Did he happen to mention where Elena was? Wait.
Why are you? Why are you asking me this? They're together, aren't they? How together are they? Caroline tell me.
How together are they? Thank you.
I was ready to fight you on this, but every part of my body is telling me that I need to get in this car and leave you.
So do it.
Tyler, honey, you're supposed to be my sober cab.
I think I drank half the party.
Good evening, Carol.
You're looking for Tyler? I'd like a little word with him myself.
Klaus, please.
Don't hurt him.
He's my son.
He's all I have.
And you're all he has.
There's a beautiful symmetry to that, don't you think?

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e09

