The Vampire Diaries s04e04 Episode Script
The Five

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e04

Mystic Falls.
I was born here.
This is my home.
And mine.
And mine.
For centuries, supernatural creatures have lived among us.
There are vampires, werewolves, doppelgängers.
- Witches.
- And even hybrids.
And then there's Elena.
She's one of us now.
You are a vampire now.
You have to learn the right way to be one, and I'm gonna teach you.
Now there's a hunter in town determined to kill us all.
There's more to you than meets the eye, isn't there? And only I know his secret.
You're one of The Five.
So what is all this? Some personal items that I snaked from the vampire hunter's RV.
May he rest in peace.
I'm searching for his supernatural handbook.
- You know that he was supernatural? - Definitely wasn't natural.
Guy magically appears just as someone blows up the Founder's Council covered in a tattoo that only Jeremy Gilbert, of all people seems to be able to see.
Klaus mentioned something about him being one of The Five then he kamikazes himself with explosives.
Sound natural to you? What's The Five? That's what I'm hoping is in the first chapter of the handbook.
Liz Forbes, my favorite sheriff.
What? That's concerning.
Keep me posted.
- You're not gonna tell me? - Can't tell you.
It's private.
We're in a fight.
You're in a fight, I'm not in a fight.
I'm over it.
Not still mad at me about Elena? You let her feed on you.
I'm always gonna be mad, but not in a "fight.
" Very well, then.
They didn't find any remains at the explosion site.
So Connor's still out there.
Apparently so.
I need you to get on this today.
I have to take Elena to college.
I'm sorry, you have to do what exactly? I'm teaching her how to feed.
She needs to learn snatch-eat-erase now more than ever.
Ah-ah.
We're not in a fight, remember? I know it's crazy, but I almost killed Matt last night.
Damon had to rip me off of him, then compel him to forget.
Call it doppelgänger curse or whatever, but I can't drink animal blood.
I can't drink from a blood bag.
I can only drink from the vein.
Little slow.
Almost got you.
That's why we're not using the wood ones for hunter defense class.
What about Caroline? She's a genius at self-control.
She's too good.
She doesn't understand how hard it is.
And you Well, I know what being around too much blood does to you, so I can't put you through that.
So I guess that leaves Damon, huh? Don't be jealous.
You know I wish it could be you.
Fine.
You wish it could be me.
We're crashing Bonnie's trip to Whitmore College.
The professor that took over her Grams' classes, he invited her.
Listen to me.
You're the one who's getting me through this.
No matter who teaches me how to feed.
Okay.
Just be careful, okay? The blood, the feed it's easy to get caught up in it.
I will.
I promise.
What's that? The key to your new truck.
It's parked outside, paid for, insured.
Everything but a big red bow.
If that's your idea of an apology, you should probably give it to Elena.
She's the one you killed.
You're trying too hard.
Last I heard you were leaving town.
Forever.
Well, I was, but then I thought to myself, "How can I when my sister clearly so desperate for love and affection, is left here bribing the help?" What did you want, Nik? Thought I was dead to you.
Things change, Rebekah.
I've stumbled upon something I think might be of interest.
- Doubt that.
- No? What if I told you the Brotherhood of The Five still existed? What? You see? And like that, bygones.
Come on, love, work to do.
We don't have anything to do.
There is no "we.
" I don't care about The Five and I don't care about you.
As you wish.
Sure you're okay with this? If I could spell you out of wanting blood, I would.
But I can't.
So better you learn now than at freshman orientation.
Something tells me that college isn't in my future anymore.
Oh, stop with the pity party.
If I can go to college, you can go.
You went to college? Sure.
Plenty of times.
Always had a thing for sorority girls.
- You're disgusting.
- I know.
When I say the word "witch" what pops into your head? Halloween costume? Villain of a fairy tale? Maybe an ex-girlfriend? Whatever image it is, it's probably not Taniel Sosso of Manjo, Cameroon.
- Is that him? - Yeah.
- He's kind of - Hot? By an admittedly crappy photographer.
Now, in reality, or in this reality, at least, witches have appeared across every culture in history.
They're the architects of the supernatural responsible for everything that goes bump in the night from ghosts to vampires to doppelgängers.
- What is this guy, Witchipedia? - Shh.
Shut up.
Now, if you're a skeptic, you'd call that a coincidence.
But if you're a true believer you know there really is no such thing.
It scares the crap out of us.
- What if I'm a ripper? - You're not a ripper.
What if I am? Well, then pick someone and we'll find out.
Stoner guys are no good to grab.
They're too paranoid and you don't want the extra buzz.
Now, she is fun-size, but too alert.
Geeky girls are inherently suspicious of anyone who's nice to them.
What you want is the little blond pretty girl.
Self-absorbed, easily flattered.
You just have to separate her from the pack and make your move.
Am I interrupting you guys? Or is it maybe the other way around? Sorry.
No, I was just saying how much I love witches.
You and me both, brother.
Listen, we should probably talk about the readings none of you did.
Looks like I'll have to beef up the hybrid security detail.
I was gonna take him but I figured you went through such trouble to truss him up in your red room of pain.
It's from the Inquisition.
I thought it was a nice touch.
- What'd you get out of him? - Not enough.
He's mum about the Council fire and he's not saying anything about this greater evil we're all supposed to be shivering over.
What brings you snooping? Well, I can't say it in front of him.
As I'm sure you figured out, our friend here can't be compelled.
You're full of mysteries, aren't you? I told you, I don't know anything.
Thankfully, I know plenty.
Shall we? So, what's with the home invasion? Damon said you knew about this guy.
I should've figured you were up to something when you healed Elena from the werewolf poison without asking for anything.
I was feeling benevolent.
You're never benevolent.
Who is this guy? What's The Five? So many questions.
It's a good thing I have nothing to do today except get answers out of you.
Fine.
You might actually be useful in persuading my sister to cooperate.
The Brotherhood of The Five was a group of highly skilled vampire hunters.
Crossed paths with them in the 12th Century, Italy.
My siblings and I had followed the Normans as they conquered the south feeding, turning people as we went.
These demons live among you passing as human.
But with the bloodshed came exposure.
So witness with your own eyes.
He's putting on quite the show.
He is nothing.
I could eat him for sport.
Still, you should heed the warning.
Between you here and Kol in the east, you have not been discreet.
Stories of The Original Vampires are spreading.
I welcome such infamy.
If you're worried about discretion, perhaps you should wrangle our sister.
So these hunters have been around for 900 years? Apparently.
Though our friend in the other room is the first I've seen since then.
Makes you wonder what they've been up to all these years.
Rebekah had a thing with one of them? Oh, she didn't just have a thing.
She fell in love with him.
He told her all his secrets which I will gladly share with you provided you do one thing for me.
And what's that? Get Rebekah over here.
She's being stubborn and hateful.
I need to make peace with her.
I want her to give me some very important information about the hunter which she won't do unless she believes we've made up.
And what's in it for me? Just get her here and I'll tell you.
Oh, and Stefan trust me when I say this: That hunter in there holds the answer to all your prayers.
Hey, April.
- Can I get you more water? - I'm good.
I'm not just sitting here alone like the loser new girl.
- I'm with my friend, she just - Sorry.
Family drama.
You two are friends? Is it so hard to believe I'd have one? Yeah, it is.
And I'm keeping the truck.
Hey, off limits.
I have dibs.
You won't remember any of this.
Klaus wants me to fake peace with you so you'll talk about The Five.
I bet.
Don't help him, he'll just betray you.
It's what he does.
All right, forget him.
Help me instead.
- Why? You hate me more than he does.
- I wanna figure out what he's up to.
- Plus, I can give you the one thing he won't.
- And what's that? A clean slate.
I not saying I'm willing to forgive you for what you did to Elena.
- But I'm willing to set it aside and start over.
- Why? Because you're obviously not leaving town anytime soon.
I'm just looking for a way we can all get along.
Plus, you can't be too happy wandering around school with no friends.
What if I don't care what you or anyone else thinks? Well, I'm pretty sure that you care what, uh, Matt over there thinks.
So maybe I can talk to him about a clean slate too.
She's young and healthy.
She'll heal like a charm.
Keep your eye on the ball.
It's not a game, Damon.
Fine.
It's not a game.
It's a high-stakes dangerous maneuver.
Now just go, just like we practiced.
It's all you have to do.
Hey.
- You're in my anthro class, right? - Yeah, I guess so.
I, uh, totally spaced and forgot to get the reading list.
Do you have it? Sure.
Let me check.
This isn't going to hurt.
Please don't scream.
Who's that? That's my little sister.
Get out of here.
Go back to class.
- What the hell are you doing? - I just - I saw the picture and - Everybody is someone's uncle or father or camp counselor or bible-study teacher.
You don't know these people.
Why do you care? I care because I'm still me.
I still have the same feelings, Damon.
Sorry if that spoils your master plan to turn me into a super vampire.
What's going on? Nothing.
Elena's educating me on the importance of feelings.
- Did you talk to the professor? - For a second.
He found some stuff of my Gram's in his office.
He's gonna dig it up for me.
Oh, uh, this.
Nice, the answer to all of our problems.
A frat party, douche central.
Which is why you'll be eating very well tonight.
So, what should we go as? Victims or killers? You feeling all right, mate? Are the shackles too tight? Welcome home, sister.
Is this a trick? How do you know he's one of The Five? Where's his tattoo? The tattoos aren't visible on this lot like they were on the last.
Let's eat.
Thank you, my lovely.
I could kiss the Council for burning up all the vervain in town.
They made my life so much easier.
- Rebekah, love, eat your veggies.
- I'm not eating until you apologize.
For which indiscretion? There have been so many.
You broke my neck.
You threw away Elena's blood so I can't make hybrids.
- You took me for granted.
- That's what big brothers do, sweetheart.
Let me just name the million other people I'd rather be having dinner with right now.
All right, fine.
I'm sorry.
I often forget how delicate you are.
Forgive me? I'll take it under consideration.
Okay, good.
Ahem.
Why don't you tell me about Rebekah's hunter? Right.
Alexander.
Nice chap, forgoing the obvious issues.
He was looking for creatures of the night which is why we felt quite safe around him wearing our daylight rings.
I am unaccustomed to such luxury.
It's the least we could do to repay you for opening our eyes to the truth.
We're curious to hear more about your Order.
Your crusade.
We are but five men.
Bound by fire and the last breath of a dying witch to a single cause.
The destruction of all vampires.
And how do you hope to achieve this? We have the ultimate weapon, which no vampire can survive.
So that's what this is about? A weapon? Not just any weapon.
Rebekah, love, don't get ahead of the story.
How is a weapon the answer to all my prayers? Okay.
Why don't we just skip the theatrics and get right to the point? Not quite yet.
Because in order to find this weapon, we need to solve the puzzle which seems to have disappeared.
What puzzle? The tattoo.
What is it? A map leading us to its treasure.
Fat lot of good a tattoo is if we can't see it.
We can't, but someone else can.
Won't you tell the hybrid to bring him in, love? The hunter was so eager to get to the bottom of his mystery tattoos that he mentioned there was only one other person that can see them.
I wouldn't.
Lucky for us, young Jeremy here is a bit of an artist.
I'm not helping you with anything.
I'm afraid you are.
Hey.
I'm Frankie, Unassuming Serial Killer.
I'm Jack.
And these are the two lovely ladies I just rippered.
Welcome to the Murder House.
Bloody Marys free until midnight.
Enjoy yourselves.
Well, hats off to these idiots.
Look.
It's Professor Creepy.
His name is Professor Shane.
And he's not creepy.
- I'm gonna talk to him.
- You do that.
Inebriated sleazeballs all covered in blood.
Come on, pick one.
Hi.
I think I found one.
- Roofie guy? - Mm-hm.
Nice choice.
Go get him.
Ooh.
Whoa.
I'm sorry.
- Drink? - Sure.
Heh.
I'll be right back.
- Great party, right? - Yeah.
You're not going to make a sound.
Now remember, the idea is not to kill him.
Elena.
Elena, step away from the ledge.
Elena! Leave and forget about this.
Nice touch.
How do you feel? I feel good.
I want more.
You set me up at the hospital.
Led me into a trap.
Why? You were trying to hurt people who are important to me.
Important to you? That vampire just threatened to kill you.
I don't understand how you see the tattoo.
- You're a sympathizer.
- What exactly do you understand? A couple days ago, you seemed to have all the answers, and now you know jack.
Where did this tattoo come from? Why am I the only one who can see it? Years ago, I met someone with the mark.
He claimed he had this intense desire to kill vampires.
Like it was ingrained in his DNA.
He told me the same thing I told you.
If I could see the mark, I was a potential.
- Who was he? - Just a guy I served in Iraq with.
I lost track of him, and then one day, the tattoo just showed up on me.
It started on my hand.
But the more vampires I killed, the more it spread.
Like it was trying to tell me something.
I just don't know what.
Just tell me more about this tattoo.
My sister's suitor was unwilling to tell us anything.
Rebekah, however, was more than willing to investigate.
Isn't that right? How do you read these symbols? The map took my brothers and I years to translate.
The sword is the key to reading it.
Have you considered my offer to come with me when I leave to follow the map? I have.
And I would like that very much.
What is that? Oh, that.
That is a very special weapon for a very special kind of vampire.
When my brotherhood has achieved its destiny those monsters won't exist.
Until then, we have the daggers.
Do you really believe they are all so evil they must be put down? Let us not talk of such evil.
Let us do this.
And this.
My sister's boyfriend threw a slumber party that night.
He and his brothers put us all down in our sleep.
Elijah, Kol, Finn and me.
- How was I supposed to know? - Cheers.
To my sister's uncanny ability to choose men.
I thought the daggers didn't work on you because of your werewolf side.
They don't.
What happened? Ask him.
Only he cannot answer because I have ripped out his tongue along with the rest of them.
- Nik, I had no idea.
- But you should have.
Your only family was nearly wiped out because of your stupidity.
What did he promise you? Nothing.
He would not have made a move unless he knew you were vulnerable.
You trusted him.
Over me? - What did he promise you? - Nothing, Nik, I swear.
- What did he promise you? - Nothing.
Tell me, Rebekah! Go ahead, Rebekah.
Tell him.
Tell him what the Hunter told you the tattoo leads to.
What's this great weapon that could bring about the end of the vampire species? A cure.
He said there was a cure.
There is no cure for vampirism.
- He's telling the truth, Stefan.
- Why wouldn't you have found it? Because when the hunters drew their final breath that night the marks disappeared from their body.
The map was gone.
The Brotherhood of The Five, extinct.
For 900 years, there was not a whisper of another hunter until our friend in there showed up.
Now we have the map.
What do we do next? We don't do anything.
You can't be trusted, little sister.
You'll be blabbing this secret to the first boy who calls you pretty.
I mean, it's pathetic.
Really.
How she hands her heart to any man who shows her a hint of affection.
You'd think she'd learn from the endless cycle of disappointment and deception.
But I haven't.
Instead I stay with you and let you leech every moment of happiness from my life.
At least I fared better than Finn.
Klaus left him daggered because he was tired of his judgment.
Finn was a dullard.
He's more interesting lying in a box.
You want the cure for Elena, don't you? So you can go back to mass-producing your hybrids.
That's why you brought Stefan in.
You knew he'd help you even though he hates your guts.
You know what? You can shove your cure.
I hope you got what you wanted out of her before you chased her off.
She never would've told me what I needed to know.
But she'll tell you.
What do you need me to find out? The map is useless without the tool to decipher it.
The sword.
She knows where it is.
And you're going to get her to tell you.
You have a chance to save Elena from the very thing that's going to destroy her.
You can call it a deal with the devil if you like.
But you know you won't walk away from it.
I put your grandmother's stuff here somewhere.
There were a couple family photos and a first-edition Stephen King.
Did you know she liked Cujo? This is amazing.
- It's all stuff you picked up on your travels? - Yeah.
I, uh, do this thing.
It's like a one-man traveling occult exhibit to small towns.
It funds my crazy Indiana Jones adventures.
Do you practice? Like she did? I'm a true believer.
Just don't tell anyone.
No, I don't practice.
Not anymore.
I lost control of myself and there were consequences.
Witches love their consequences, don't they? You know, there are other ways to practice magic if you're interested.
- Are you? - No, no, no.
I'm just a I'm just a guy with a very open mind who's seen a lot of things.
And I'm willing to pass some of them along.
If you're up for it.
Don't scream.
This isn't gonna hurt.
Oh, my God.
I've got to get out of here.
Nice lines.
Now if you could just hurry it up a little bit.
I'm done.
- What is this? - It's the tattoo.
I've seen the tattoo, you impertinent punk.
There's more to it.
That's all of it.
He said every time he kills a vampire, it spreads.
Nate! Tell the girl to take Jeremy home.
Keep this one alive at all costs.
Looks like you got too much leash.
You're not going anywhere, so you might as well stop the racket.
You're lucky I can't kill you.
Freak.
- Who am I? Why am I acting like this? - Because you listened to Damon.
Damon makes everything he wants sound like a good idea.
I should be here with Stefan.
I shouldn't be here with him.
I should be going through all this with Stefan.
Guessing we should hit the road.
You were supposed to help her and you let her get completely out of control.
She's not out of control.
She was having fun.
This isn't fun.
She's acting like a different person.
She is a different person.
She's a vampire.
We're a predatory species.
We enjoy the hunt, the feed and the kill.
When the guilt gets too bad, we switch off our humanity and we revel in it.
Is that what you want? Her to be like you? She's already like me.
And you know what makes me able to drink my fill and leave someone breathing and not rip their head off like my brother is that I can revel in it.
I can make it fun.
I got your message.
I'm sorry.
I know you wanted my help.
He makes me so angry.
No one deserves to be treated that way.
I wanted it back then.
The cure.
I was willing to leave behind my family for it.
Would you take it if you had the chance? Or is it just for Elena? Part of me wishes that she and I could have an eternity together.
But Damon's right.
There's not a single vampire who hasn't killed a human.
Elena will kill.
And then, there will be the pain.
The guilt.
And then The humanity switch.
Elena, she's driven by love.
By compassion.
If she turns off her humanity, then I don't think we'll ever get her back.
So I'd do anything to save her.
I envy that.
You and Elena.
I envy the love you have.
I really did believe Alex when he said he loved me.
He promised we'd be married.
We even picked out a church.
San Vittore in Brienno.
I know you want my help, Stefan.
But I just can't do anything that lets my brother get what he wants.
I never did answer your question.
If it meant that I got to be with her have children grow old with her If it meant that we'd die together, be buried together then, yes I'd take the cure.
I buried him.
Even after everything.
I laid him to rest in the place where we were to be married.
What kind of hopeless fool does that? But that's what you wanted to know, isn't it? Because I buried him with his sword.
I'm sorry, little sister, but you're right.
You really are a hopeless fool.
I'm sorry, Rebekah.
Go right ahead.
Laugh at the girl who loved too easily.
But I'd rather have lived my life than yours, Nik.
No one will ever sit around a table telling stories about a man who couldn't love.
Do it.
Look me in the eye and do it, you coward.
Do it! I have a plane waiting.
I'll get the sword.
My hybrids will keep an eye on Connor.
You put Rebekah where no one will find her.
And make sure Jeremy forgets everything he heard today.
I'll take care of it.
No one must know about the cure, do you understand? Not Damon, not Elena.
Nobody.
If this gets out, it could mean all our deaths.
So if you tell anyone I'll erase each and every memory from all of you.
I won't say anything.
It's just you and me in this, Stefan.
Some secrets are stronger than family.
Well, then good night.
Damon I'm sorry.
Things got a little heated at the party and I shouldn't have let that happen.
It's just that I feel like What do you feel, Elena? When you tell me what a vampire should be deep down, I believe you.
I think that you're right.
And I hate that feeling.
- Because I don't want to be - You don't want to be like me.
- Hey.
- Hey.
What are you doing here? I was just hanging out with Jeremy.
We had a couple things to talk about.
Any news on the hunter? No.
No, nothing new.
Well, then today was a bust.
She's all yours.
So, uh what happened? I learned how to feed without hurting someone.
It was awful.
You were right.
I got caught up in it.
- Ah, it'll get easier.
- But I don't want it to get easier.
I can't live like this.
Stefan, I'm feeling things that I don't want to feel.
And I'm becoming someone that I don't want to be.
I don't think I'm gonna survive this.
- Hey.
Yes, you will.
I promise.
- No.
Hey.
You just have to hold on.
Yeah, I got it.
I'll keep him fat and happy.
You should send two more for protection.
Make that three.
Shouldn't you be in Mystic Falls, killing vampires? Why the hell did you send me there?

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e04

