The Vampire Diaries s04e08 Episode Script
We'll Always Have Bourbon Street

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e08

Mystic Falls.
I was born here.
This is my home.
And mine.
And mine.
For centuries, supernatural creatures have lived among us.
There are vampires, werewolves, doppelgängers.
- Witches.
- And even hybrids.
And now I'm one of them, a vampire.
Since she's turned, everything about her is different.
Something's changed between Damon and me.
Stefan wants to fix me and Caroline flat-out admitted that she doesn't like me this way.
I don't think I've seen you more alive.
And now we know why.
Elena's sired to Damon.
Elena? - Hey.
- Hey.
- I thought you might have left.
- No.
I don't have to be at school for at least 20 minutes ago.
What's that face? What face? That face.
I'm happy.
This is a disaster.
- Look, we don't know anything for sure.
- Yes, we do.
Elena is sired to Damon.
Which means her one singular burning desire is to make him happy.
- Like Klaus and his hybrids.
- No, it's not.
A vampire sired to another vampire is one in a million.
Maybe it won't affect her the same way.
We already know it's affecting her.
She's become Damon's lapdog.
It's true.
Everything he says, she agrees with.
Everything he asks her to do, she does.
- We need to do something.
- Wait, hold on.
Caroline, this isn't gossip.
You can't drop this on her before we know for sure.
I need to talk to Tyler.
Maybe he'll know what to do.
Talk to Tyler, but please don't tell anyone else.
If this is true, then it may have influenced Elena's every action and emotion since she became a vampire.
Please, no more.
I can't.
Yes, you can.
Block out the pain.
That's enough.
This is torture.
Kim, stop.
He needs to finish.
- Not today, he doesn't.
- Yes, today.
Nate, Dean and Chris are all dead, which makes Adrian Klaus' right hand.
We can't let Adrian anywhere near Klaus until his sire bond is completely broken.
Hayley's right.
The bond isn't broken until he doesn't feel the pain of transformation.
If we wanna get back at Klaus for everything he's done, Adrian has to keep turning.
He doesn't have to do anything.
Isn't that the point of breaking the sire bond, free will? Let's go, Adrian.
- Bag? - I got it.
- Scarf.
- Wha? Oh.
Mm.
- Heh, listen, Damon, we - No, no, no.
Don't ruin it.
You don't even know what I was gonna say.
I'm assuming it starts with "What are we" and ends with "going to tell Stefan?" - He should know.
- I know he should know.
I just don't know when he should know it.
He knows that something's going on between us.
I mean, it's why he and I broke up.
Yeah, but can we just let ourselves enjoy one secret, selfish day before we destroy his? - Maybe we shouldn't - No, Elena, this is our time.
It's never been right before and it is right now.
Just one day.
One day? Okay, one day.
Yes.
- Hey.
- Hey.
- See you in History? - Yeah.
- Hey.
- Hey.
Listen, we need to talk.
Sired? Really, Stefan? That is the most nonsense I've ever heard come out of your mouth.
And you've said some crap in your day.
It was your blood that turned her.
She's been different since day one because of you.
You can't deny that.
- I can.
I finally got Elena to a good place about being a vampire.
And you two idiots can't stand that she's happy because of me.
Know what? Prove me wrong.
Tell her it's okay to drink from a blood bag.
She can't.
Her weird doppelgänger body rejected the blood from the bag.
Right, because you told her to.
You said she had to drink warm human blood straight from the vein.
She almost died to make you happy.
Look, ask her to drink from the blood bag.
Tell her how happy you'll be if it works.
And if I'm wrong, I'll be the first to apologize.
When her body rejects this blood, which it will your apology better be epic.
Elena, hey.
- Is everything okay? - Yeah.
Why wouldn't it be? Caroline told me you had to move out to stay away from Jeremy.
Matt's at the house staying with him right now to make sure he keeps all of his hunter stuff in control.
- He's okay.
- But are you? Clearly they don't have a flatiron at Hotel Salvatore.
Heh.
I was in a rush.
I mean Look, do you girls have any plans tonight? I'm in desperate need of some girl talk.
I'm in.
Shane taught me some small spells I've been wanting to try.
Oh.
Creepy professor guy is just Shane now? He's He's not creepy.
- We're not judging.
- I am.
Don't listen to her.
So girls' night? We can raid the Salvatore wine cellar.
Um, are your sure that Stefan and Damon are cool with us crashing at their place? I can't go home, because my brother is trying to kill me, so their place is mine now.
I'll see you in a bit.
You being here makes your selfish secret day a little difficult, don't you think? You forgot your lunch.
I can't.
You know I can't.
Last time you tried, circumstances were less than optimal.
And I think you should just give it another try, see if it works.
I really think it will.
Please? For me.
You okay? I'm I'm fine.
It tastes like blood.
Last time it was like hot garbage.
You're sure you're okay? I'm better than okay.
Heh.
I mean, maybe last time it was a bad batch or something.
I can't believe this, Damon.
I don't have to hurt people anymore.
I have to get to class.
Thank you.
Trespassing, breaking and entering, all before noon.
Having trouble breaking Adrian.
You already got the 12 hybrids I need.
We have 11.
I told you, Tyler Lockwood isn't part of the deal.
Well, neither is 11 hybrids.
You deliver me 12 without loyalties to Klaus or your friend Tyler becomes fair game.
- You haven't held up your end of the bargain.
- Heh.
Everything you wanted to know about your biological parents.
And it's encoded, in case you're thinking of a smash-and-grab.
Just bring me 12 unsired hybrids and it's yours.
- I talked to Tyler.
- And? The sire bond exists because the hybrids are grateful to Klaus for relieving them from the pain of having to wolf out every full moon.
They have to turn until they're not ruled by pain anymore.
Elena's not a werewolf.
So, what's the vampire equivalent? Well, that's the problem.
There isn't one.
- What are you doing? - Elena's sired.
You were right, I was wrong.
- Happy? - No, I'm not happy.
- But what are we gonna do about it? - Well, I'm working on it.
Here.
Remember that? - New Orleans.
- 1942, to be exact.
What was in New Orleans in 1942? Other than bourbon and beads - us, Stefan.
- Oh, yeah.
What was the name of that girl you used to hang out with? That was no ordinary girl.
That was Charlotte.
It don't mean a thing If it ain't got that swing She was crazy about me from the minute we met.
So, of course, when she asked me to turn her, I did.
- Hi.
- Hi.
So did you decide who you would like to have for dinner tonight? Him.
It makes no difference if it's sweet or hot He looks tasty.
That is a very fine choice, Miss Charlotte.
I will go set that up.
Now, if anyone tries to touch my drink you show them no mercy, okay? Stop by after your set.
Come join us.
You spilled my man's drink.
Sorry.
It's crowded in here.
That's no excuse.
- Take it easy, lady.
- I'm not gonna take it easy.
What did you do? He touched your drink.
You said, "Show no mercy.
" I thought you'd be happy.
That was my first clue.
She was sired to you.
And I assume you took full advantage of that until you got bored of her.
She went all Fatal Attraction on me.
I had to make a clean break.
- How'd you do that? - Ah.
Phew.
Here.
Who's Valerie La Marche? The witch that I found to help me break little Charlotte's sire bond.
Pack your bags, baby bro.
We're going back to Bourbon Street.
- One for you, one for you.
- Ooh.
I am assuming this is for Caroline.
Actually, it's for me.
- I I thought - Uh, are you saying that? Thanks to Damon, I am now a functional dysfunctional vampire.
That's amazing.
Uh, what do you mean, thanks to Damon? Well, he suggested that I try it again, so I did, and it worked.
No more snatch, eat, erase.
So where is my least-favorite Salvatore? "Out with Stefan for the night.
Don't wait up.
Brother bonding.
" Hmm.
So you guys check-in text now? What else do you do? I know that you're not the biggest fan, but he kind of just changed my life.
Would you mind laying off on all the hate? Okay, new girls' night rule.
No boy talk, yeah? Plus, why talk when we have this? - Is that stoner tea? - It's spirit tea.
- Heh.
- It opens up your chi or whatever.
- Ugh.
- Come on, it's not drugs.
Shane is helping me do natural magic without having to access the spirits.
Mm-hm.
Don't judge.
Okay, fine.
I hereby vow not to be judgmental for the rest of the evening.
Even if you two are potentially ruining your lives as I stand idly by it's your choice.
I'll drink to that.
Cheers.
Well, the city's the same.
Just brighter.
Have you been back here since '42? Nope.
Not since I shipped off to join the war effort and you didn't.
Somebody had to entertain the ladies who had been left by their menfolk.
Oh.
Good news.
Elena's at the house with the girls where she can't get in trouble.
Bad news, I think they got into the Dom.
- I told her to make herself at home.
- Yeah, you told her, so, uh, she does, right? Pfft.
- The sire bond's not that literal, Stefan.
- Really? Name one thing that you've asked her to do that you haven't gotten, huh? You know what I haven't gotten? Blame, guilt.
I get it, Stefan.
You're pissed that Elena dumped you because she has feelings for me.
- Bet you blame the sire bond for that too.
- I absolutely do.
Why? It's impossible that she could have feelings for me? No.
Because it's impossible for her to be so blind that she doesn't see how wrong you are for her.
Hey, wait.
Damon, I'm sorry.
What'd you say? I'm sorry I blamed you for my bloodlust and for me becoming a Ripper.
It wasn't your fault.
- Do I really have to say it wasn't his fault? - Yes.
Keep going.
You're the only brother I have and I hope that we can be friends again.
Perfect.
Now, just remember we're here to talk to Damon.
Not to yell, not to dredge up the past, and most definitely not to pick a fight.
That's the real trick, isn't it? You've spent the last 20 years turning your life around.
It's time to make nice with your brother.
You look like a guy I used to know.
- Hello, Damon.
- Come to put a stake in my heart? More like bury the hatchet.
Egypt.
Ha.
- You're finally gonna see the pyramids.
- I doubt I'll be sightseeing driving an ambulance through the front lines, but, uh yeah, yeah, Egypt.
Think they have room for another driver? I could handle some war if it meant spending quality time with my little brother.
Tell you what.
I'll talk to my CO.
Why don't I get another round? You're not going.
I don't like you.
In 1912, you pressured Stefan to drink human blood.
He's been trying to put his Ripper days behind him.
He needs to see death and blood, deal with them as part of life.
He needs balance and restraint.
What makes you think I'm not balanced and restrained? You never have been.
You think of what you want first, second and third.
Stefan's better off alone than in your company.
Well, I beg to differ.
To the Salvatores in Egypt.
- Cheers.
- Cheers.
Cheers.
Damon.
Did you forget to meet us for dinner? Uh, I'm sorry, I lost track of time.
- I brought you leftovers.
- Charlotte.
Get away from him.
Stefan.
- Stefan.
- Lexi.
- Stefan.
- Lexi.
Come on.
Stefan.
She's better off without you too.
I apologize, all right? As much as I hate this sire bond, I shouldn't take it out on you.
It's not really your fault.
Well, don't get all warm and fuzzy on me yet.
This is where the witch lived.
You were expecting to find the same exact witch in the same place? No, but since I couldn't remember where the store was figured it would give us a start.
- Maybe there's another place to start.
You think Charlotte might be in New Orleans? Yeah, maybe.
- Where was the last place you saw her? - Corner of Bourbon and Dumaine.
I kind of told her to count every brick in New Orleans, that I'd meet her on the corner.
I was gone by morning.
- Where you going? - Corner of Bourbon and Dumaine.
See how literal the sire bond is.
They'll get us killed and we're sitting here.
Kim's right.
The point of breaking the bond is being free.
- They don't have to listen to me.
- Yes, they do.
You can make them.
Hybrids are werewolves first.
Wolves run in packs.
Every pack needs an alpha or they end up challenging each other for dominance.
Kim is challenging your position as alpha.
You need to put her in her place now.
Long day tomorrow, Adrian.
You want it to go better than today, you need to get some rest.
Who do you think you are? The guy telling you to call it a night.
This could get a lot uglier, but I won't let it.
Challenge me again, this conversation will end differently.
Understand? Fine.
Whatever you say.
Finish your drink and get Adrian back to the stables.
We'll meet you there.
Where we going? To pick a fight.
No way she's gonna be in the same spot after 70 years.
What are we gonna tell Elena? I was hoping we wouldn't have to tell her anything.
- We can't just lie to her.
- It's not a lie.
- It's an omission for the greater good.
- Oh, I see.
I see.
That's Damon-speak for, "Let's not do the right thing.
- Let's just do what's right for me.
" - What about you, selfless one? Are you doing what's best for Elena or for you? Looks to me like the only reason you wanna break Elena's sire bond is to restore her original factory Team Stefan settings.
I'm gonna go get a drink.
Hunt me down when you stop being a dick.
What the hell just happened? She kissed me.
Damon, I always knew you'd come back for me.
I must have counted literally every brick on every building in all of New Orleans.
Literally every brick.
Uh, Charlotte, uh, heh please, tell me you had a full life and that you've done something other than counting bricks.
Of course I have.
I'm not crazy.
Then why are you still here? You know when someone breaks up with you and there's a song that reminds you of them? At first you hate it, but then it brings back all the good memories of them.
Counting the bricks is my song and I've been playing it for decades.
That's a really long time stuck listening to the same song.
Yeah.
Heh, well, uh, you know, in the plus column you know New Orleans better than anyone in the world which is really nice, because we need your help finding someone.
And feel it all over inside like a chemical 'Cause to tell the truth, I don't know If it's ever over We don't need a cure For the weight of the world 'Cause it's floating round in the universe Just swinging like it's tied Yeah Again.
Let it go, let it go Check this out.
Vamp-speed video.
Heh.
I look like Superman.
Watch this: This year's Christmas card.
Being a vampire is so weird.
Oh, my God, I love this bathtub.
Why don't we come and hang out here more often? I'll tell you why.
Cooties.
Think of all the germ-ridden skanks that Damon has lured into his den of iniquity.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I've been good all night.
I am stopping now.
No, don't stop on my account.
Rip away.
I mean, it's only Damon, right? Well, say what you want about Ripper Stefan but at least he wasn't a man-slut.
Come on.
What exactly was it about him that made you jump in bed with him as soon as you met him? I didn't know what a sociopathic narcissist he was.
He's been there for me when I needed him.
Because he's hoping you'll sleep with him.
Well, maybe I did.
You did what? You didn't.
Yeah, I did.
Look, I know you two have issues with him, but I'm happy.
And I wanted to spend tonight with my best friends so that I could tell them about it.
- Can I help you, gentlemen? - Hi.
We're looking for a witch.
Sorry, no time for pleasantries.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
Look, Nandi, is it? Skip the part where you pretend you don't know what we're talking about.
We need a spell to break a vampire sire bond.
Now, there was a witch here named Val.
Ring any bells? She was my great-grandmother.
She had a Grimoire and it had a spell.
The magic you are talking about is dark, powerful.
Magic like this doesn't come cheap.
- How much? - Money won't cut it here, pretty one.
Dark magic draws power from dark places.
Casting the spell you need requires the sacrifice of 12 human souls.
"Sacrifice"? You brought me knowing the spell required a human sacrifice? - I was hoping the recipe had changed.
- There's no magic like that here.
I sell herbs and homeopathic remedies and dress it up with witchy woo-woo for the tourists, but I don't practice.
Okay, fine.
Just tell us where we can find someone like your great-grandma who can break the sire bond and won't flake out on us like old Val did.
There's no one.
All of her stuff is gone.
The Grimoires, her journals, we lost it all during Katrina.
If a spell like that ever existed, it's gone for good.
Elena, come on.
Party's over.
You guys need to leave.
Don't be mad, okay? We're just looking out for you.
Do you think it makes me happy that you guys hate him? I get it, his track record has been kind of spotty, but I don't hate him.
I can't.
He's I think I'm falling in love with him.
Ugh.
You're not falling in love with him, Elena, you're sired to him.
What? What are you talking about? Look, I'm sorry that it came out like that, but it's true.
Damon's blood turned you.
You couldn't feed from animals or blood bags because he told you so.
Then he suggested that you try again with blood bags and suddenly No.
There's no way.
I Are you sure? Yeah.
Just ask Stefan about it.
He can explain it better than I can.
I'm sorry.
You talked to Stefan about this? It's not your fault, Elena, okay? Damon took advantage of you.
Okay, you need to leave.
Now.
- Elena.
- Come on.
I said, leave.
Hello, girls.
Stop.
One bite from a hybrid and she's dead, remember? Caroline.
The witch is lying.
Doesn't practice magic, my ass.
Human sacrifice? Did you really think I would go for this? Extreme circumstances call for extreme measures.
Did you kill those 12 people in 1942? Absolutely, I did.
And I'd do it again in a heartbeat if it meant a clean slate with Elena.
Now, you gonna help me "good cop, bad cop" this witch or not? I get it, Hayley.
I'll find them and get them in line.
- Bonnie says no luck with the locator spell.
- They've gotta be here.
They're not dumb enough to get caught by Klaus in town.
- Why do they want Caroline? - Kim's trying to prove she's the alpha.
If I make her submit, the pack will fall in line.
We can get them free of Klaus.
You'd think they'd play along.
- They hate him.
- But Adrian doesn't, does he? He's still sired to Klaus.
Being sired doesn't mean you feel differently about someone.
I hated Klaus, but I still did everything he said.
The bond affects how you act, not how you feel.
Caroline.
- What are you doing here? - Calling you out.
You're not Val's great-granddaughter, you're her daughter.
You're 80 years old.
You don't look a day over 50.
You're a practicing witch.
- Get out of my store.
- Give me what I want.
I gave you a chance to leave with your life.
Wait, wait, wait.
We don't want any trouble, okay? We just need your help, that's all.
I told you, there's no one here who can help you.
Stefan.
Aah! The kind of magic my mother practiced, it's unnatural.
Witches don't even call it "magic.
" We call it "Expression.
" - Is that like black magic? - Worse.
Channeling the power of human sacrifices calls on darkness that can't exist on this plane without swallowing it whole.
She sold you a bill of goods about breaking the sire bond because she wanted access to that power.
And you gave it to her when you killed those 12 people.
Are you saying there's no spell? The bond can't be broken with magic.
A vampire only bonds to her sire when she has feelings for him before she turns.
Human feelings.
Vampirism only heightens those emotions.
You want her free? You have to set her free.
Tell her to live her life without you and never think of you again.
To stop caring about you.
And then leave her.
That's the only way around the sire bond.
Why are you doing this? To show Tyler who's in charge.
Stop.
Stop it, Kim.
Caroline's with us.
We're all on the same team.
She's on your team, not mine.
- Aah! - Stop it! Stop! Ease up, Kim.
Klaus won't like this.
That's a very good point.
Do you think he'll like this? - Kim, don't do it.
I swear to God - No, wait, wait, wait.
If you really wanna hit Klaus where it hurts, then torture me instead.
He's fixated on keeping me alive.
You want real revenge or not? Stay back.
I'll rip her heart out right now.
Kim put you all at risk today, but I'm not gonna hurt her.
I'm not Klaus.
I don't kill and torture my own friends to get what I want.
No, we broke the sire bond.
But if you want to be free, we have to work together.
No one can step out of line.
Now, you're either with me or you're against me.
Submit.
Submit or you die.
I'm sorry.
So you're just leaving me again? No.
I need to get on with my life.
And so do you.
- I don't want to live without you.
- If you want to make me happy, you will.
You just forget about me.
You'll never think of me again and you'll find someone new and you'll be happier than ever.
Please, stop crying.
I'm never gonna be able to forget about you.
Yes, you are.
And I'm never gonna be happy until you realize that you're never gonna have the life that you deserve if I'm in it.
Goodbye, Charlotte.
- How'd it go? - I set her free.
Must have been hard doing the right thing especially when it's not something you wanna do.
Get to the point.
You don't think I'll be able to do what I need to when I tell Elena to stay away.
Well, I mean, selflessness isn't exactly one of your most obvious character traits.
Yeah, well, one of these days you're gonna realize you don't know me half as well as you think.
Hi.
All right.
Damon.
I know what you did.
And you're not going overseas with Stefan.
Do you understand me? Well, Uncle Sam begs to differ.
You just killed 12 innocent people.
How do you know they didn't have it coming? Your brother has spent the last 20 years wracked with guilt fighting the temptation to drink human blood.
He's serving in war as penance for the pain that he's caused.
If he finds out what you did, he'll want to know how it is you function without guilt with the things that you do.
He'll turn to you for guidance, like he did before.
And he'll become the Ripper of Monterey all over again.
I've pretty much been on my own since our little falling out in 1912.
Did you ever think that I just need my little brother? And that's why you can't go.
It might be good for you, Damon, but it will destroy Stefan.
For once, you need to put someone else in front of yourself.
You need to let him go.
Good luck, brother.
I didn't know about that.
Yeah, well, next time I'll hang a billboard.
Look, I know it may seem like I'm being unfair about this like I'm upset about losing Elena to you, and I am.
But after all this is over, if she never feels the same way about me as she used to at least it will be her choice.
The dreaded C-word.
I know what I have to do, Stefan.
I'm sorry.
Hey, if you don't start hugging me back, this is gonna get really awkward really fast.
You've got my hands pinned down.
Oh.
I'm a jerk.
I promise to never again judge, ever.
Just please don't tell Stefan about me and Damon.
I promise that I'll tell him.
I just I need to figure out some stuff first.
Of course.
- Are you guys friends again? - Yeah.
Thank God.
Well, she saved my life, in spite of me being the nasty bad witch.
Thankfully, we had our good witch.
You know, your hottie-creepy professor really knows his stuff, Bonnie.
It's been baby steps, but he's helping with a whole new kind of magic.
He calls it "Expression.
" You ever hear of a text message? Maybe just give a guy a heads-up.
Adrian finished breaking the sire bond, you have your 12 hybrids.
Now where are my parents? They're dead.
You lied to me? No, I didn't lie to you.
I said I'd tell you where to find them.
It's everything you wanted to know, including where they're buried.
You just picked a fight with a werewolf, you know.
Easy, killer, all right? I'm not declaring war here.
Just because they're dead doesn't mean you can't see them again.
- What? Oh, this is far from over, Hayley.
We are the beginning.
You feel sorry for him? There's no other way to break a vampire sire bond.
As much as you and I both hate it, Damon does love Elena.
Now he has to completely let her go.
I mean, imagine having to do that.
I'm sorry I told her, okay? I kind of didn't have a choice.
All I know is he better do what he's supposed to.
He'll do it.
He's not as bad as he wants you to think.
He'll do what he needs to do.
He told me he would.
Is that all he told you? What do you mean? Nothing.
It's just It's just how can you trust him? Because I think he loves her as much as I do.
He can't be selfish with her.
Not anymore.
Hey.
Hey back.
How was your night? Awful.
Yours? Same.
Elena, um, we need to talk.
I know that I'm sired to you, Damon.
Caroline told me.
That's what you and Stefan were doing, isn't it? Is there a way to break it? Not exactly.
Which is why we need to talk.
Tyler told me the bond doesn't affect how I feel, just the way I act.
My feelings for you haven't changed.
Nothing has changed.
Everything has changed, Elena.
Okay, fine, yeah.
I mean, I have changed.
So have you, Damon.
And I'm happy.
Like you were yesterday morning before we knew about any of this.
You know what would make me happy? To know that this entire time that I've been completely in love with you that what you actually felt for me was real.
It is real.
I know it is.
Damon, I know what you're about to do.
Please, don't do this to me.
I don't wanna do this, Elena.
I'm not the good guy, remember? I'm the selfish one.
I take what I want, I do what I want.
I lie to my brother, I fall in love with his girl.
I don't do the right thing.
But I have to do the right thing by you.
Does this feel wrong?

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-vampire-diaries&episode=s04e08

