Because the Night



                    			 Previously on The Vampire Diaries: He's dead! No, no, no. I can't, I can't, I can't. Turn it off. Her humanity, Damon. It was all she had left. Humanity means nothing when you don't have anyone to care about, Stefan. I know how to bring Jeremy back. It's an Expression Triangle. I need to complete it for Silas. Nutty Professor's got her brainwashed. - You got 36 people killed? - No, I got 24 killed. Twelve humans, 12 hybrids. You and I are gonna complete the triangle. I was looking for answers. And all I found was your Professor Shane dead. Silas followed us back from that island. - You and I. We are the beginning. - The cure. - Someone has it. - Katherine. The doppelgänger? - Where are you? - Boonies, looking for a dead vampire that might lead to Katherine and the cure. - Damon? Hey, buddy. - Will? Everyone just needs to stop telling me that I need to feel. Be honest. You like me better like this. - Where are we going? - Place every newbie vampire should go once in their life. New York. - You were right. - Heh. Told you. - It was really good. Ha, ha. - Yeah. Glad you liked it. Yeah. Thanks for inviting me. - Do it again next weekend? - If you're lucky. Oh, God. Is he? Do you think he's dead? I don't know. Stay there. Oh, my God. You're that serial killer, aren't you? Son of Sam. Son of Giuseppi, but close enough. You dragged me all the way to New York because you were feeling nostalgic? No, because in three days, you pissed off everyone in Mystic Falls. More difficult to do in a city of millions. - I was hungry. - You were reckless. Emotionless. There's a difference. All that matters is that, when I lived here I fed like crazy and had a blast and went undetected for years. So we're just here to have fun? - What's the catch? - There is no catch. You wanted out. I got you out. You wanted to feed. I brought you to an all-you-can-eat buffet. That's the beauty of New York. There's so much life that a little death goes unnoticed. Come on, let's go get some lunch. What do you mean you took her to New York? That tone is why I didn't pick up the phone the first 20 times you called. - Where is she now? - Out exploring. Maybe she's eating a hot dog. Vendor. So I take it that your search for Katherine is off. Relax, man. This joyride is actually a cure hunt. The vampire Katherine sent after Hayley is a friend. He lived in the city. Will got vampires fake identities. I'm sure that Katherine was one of his clients. Elena's okay with this? Yesterday, she was living the vampire high life. - She doesn't want the cure. - That's why I didn't tell her. If she finds out you're still looking for it, she'll bolt. I'm aware of that, Stefan. I'm hoping she'll be so wasted on booze and blood she won't think about it. - Don't underestimate her. I handled you when you flipped. I can handle her. She's ruthless without her humanity. The cure is the fastest way to get it back. Just be a good brother and keep Mystic Falls afloat for me. Let me do my thing. You've got an immortal named Silas to deal with, remember? Desperate times, I take it. What are you doing here? Not judging you, for starters. Though if you are determined to get drunk I might recommend something a little more sanitary. - Well, then. You showed me. - Shouldn't you be out chasing Tyler to the ends of the Earth? Or were there hopes and dreams you want to crush here? Depends. Do you happen to know where the young Brutus is? I know where he's not. With me. He gave Matt the deed to the house, so he's gone for good. Tyler made it his life's mission to kill me. You can't hate me for driving him away. I can, and I do. If you don't mind, I'd like to get back to spiraling. So go away. Actually, I asked him to be here. We need his help. I think Silas is in Mystic Falls. Okay, come on. Take a deep breath. - In five, four - I can't do this. Bonnie. - Relax, okay? Trust me. - How can I trust you if you won't show your real face? Don't you think it's creepy you're appearing as my dead professor? - I told you I'm Silas. I told you Shane died on the island. I'm trying to earn your trust. All right, look. You invited me into your home. Right? Why? Why did you lie to your friends and tell them everything was fine? Why did you convince your dad you needed Shane's help to control your magic? - What am I doing here? - You're in my head. Making me see things. Do things. No, see. Look, I'm strong. But you're a witch. I can't force you to do anything that you don't already want to do. You care about Jeremy, right? - I do. - Yeah. You were with him. And you promised to protect him. But you failed. And now, in order to get him back I need to get rid of the Other Side. You're descended from Qetsiyah, one of the most powerful witches of all time. Only you can complete the triangle and cast the spell. Completing the triangle means killing 12 people. Twelve people you can bring back. Bonnie, you can do this. For Jeremy. So some blood went missing from a few hospitals. What about Elena? Don't vampires with their humanity off tend to overindulge on human blood? - Or were you the exception? - It's not Elena. Let's say for a moment that it was Silas. I'm struggling to see how this affects me. Silas wants to die and be reunited with his one true love. But he's supernatural. If he takes the cure and dies he's stuck on the Other Side. - How Shakespearean. If he destroys the Other Side altogether, he can take the cure, die and pass on. But in destroying it every dead supernatural being will return to our side. That means every werewolf, every witch, every vampire. I wonder how many of those you've personally killed. Care yet? My interest is piqued. How do we stop him? Bonnie said Silas needs to complete three massacres to do the spell. Before Shane died, he convinced the pastor to blow up the Council. Next, he had you kill your hybrids. Now, he only needs one more massacre. So if he's here, that's what he's doing. We need to find him. Looks about right. - I was promised hedonism. - Well, it's early. Hedonism isn't a big fan of the sunlight. Or soap. Easy, judgey. Not everybody got a hot new hair cut today. Give it a couple of hours. This place'll be crawling with more nihilists than you can eat in a decade. Trust me. - How do you know? - Because I spent most of the '70s here. Factory was too clean. CBGBs was too high profile. But Billy's Billy's was the underground of the underground. Well, you're a loudmouth, baby You better shut it up I'm gonna beat you up - Here you go. - Two for one. Rock 'n' roll. That's the third 5'7" brunette I've gotten for you, Billy. - Is that the same client? - She's a runner. Some vampires need more identities than others. - Hey, watch what you're doing. - What the hell? Hey, be discreet. I kill people and give you their IDs. You let me feed in your club. Discretion was never part of the deal. - Hey. - Lexi? You gonna feed on him right here? You're getting sloppy, Damon. You got Lexi'd? - Following a lead without me? - Unh. Poor form, Damon. - Unh. - I have to say I'm a little hurt, Damon. We made a good team. Not without fireworks. What classic pairing isn't? Wait, what the hell are you talking about? Damon's following a lead to the cure, I'm following him. - Noticed your name never came up. - You're doing what? How's it feel to be wrong all the time? I brought Elena here to feed. I mean, Mystic Falls isn't exactly Vamp Xanadu right now. - You drove seven hours to New York City? - Yes. And as I was explaining to Elena, before we were so rudely interrupted that my history in this city has a particular resonance to her current situation. When I had my humanity off. That explains it. - Your switch is flipped. - Ugh. Would you mind? I can't even hear my prey over your babbling. You're not even covering your tracks. We heard about you back in Mystic Falls. So Stefan sent you? Hmm. I thought we were in the off part of our endless on-again, off-again eternity of misery cycle. Lucky for you he cared enough to send me. So, why'd you flip it? What traumatic event was too much for Damon Salvatore to handle? Leave It to Beaver. The '50s bored me. Well, it's the '70s now and keeping it off is gonna get you caught and killed. - And I'll chance it. - I won't. - I promised Stefan - Look. You and Stefan have a thing, I get it. He falls off the wagon, you pick him up. He's redeemed, you get your jollies well, I'm not him. And I don't want or need you. Well, too bad because you got me. - She sounds dreadful. - She had a Mother Teresa complex. So, let me guess, after many dark nights with Lexi she convinced you to turn your emotions back on and that's exactly what you plan to do with me. You read the last page of a book first too? I'm gonna go get a drink. Many drinks. - So you really buy all this? - Not one bit. I know he's after the cure. I'm not stupid. Let's not say things we don't mean. Damon is like a dog with a bone. Stefan too. They won't give up until they find the cure and then make me take it. So I guess I'm gonna have to find it first. - You're playing him. - They're always playing me. I'm just returning the favor. What are we even looking for? Well, if Shane really was working with Silas chances are he was helping him plan his next move. Where? On his evil villain to-do list? Steal blood, perform three massacres, pick up dry cleaning? Actually, we evil villains usually use minions to pick up our dry cleaning. That sort of thing. Why is he necessary, again? Well, we don't know what Silas can do. If we have to go head-to-head with him an Original Hybrid who can't die might come in handy. Besides, Stefan and I work well together. Or at least we did in the '20s. - Well, granted my, uh, emotions were off. - And that's why you were more fun. Just as Damon is probably relishing in Elena's emotionless company in New York. My brother knows what he's doing. Does he? Don't underestimate the allure of darkness, Stefan. Even the purest hearts are drawn to it. Still, I'm sure it'll all be fine. Uh, I think I found something. Symbolic Figures in the Dark Arts. Didn't Bonnie talk about Expression Triangles? Here. "In some schools of magic, such as Expression human sacrifice can be used as a focus for power. It's rumored that the addition of two supernatural sacrifices compounds the mystical energy creating an Expression Triangle." Humans: That's the council fire. Demons: Klaus' hybrid failure. Well, I wouldn't exactly call it a failure. What's the third? Oh, no. You want me to kill witches? We've been over this. It's temporary, they'll come back. - What if I'm not strong enough? - You are. Look, it won't be easy. Once they realize how strong you are they'll channel each other, one by one, using spirit magic. Until they can strip you of Expression. You have to endure them. Until all 12 are linked as one. Listen, your dad's here. We have to convince him. Hey how was the session? To be honest not that great. Meditation isn't really working, her magic's too strong. - You told me you could help her. - Dad - Not his fault. - Not his fault? He taught you magic and he can't control it. - Listen, we have an idea. - I'm done listening, get out of my house. - Dad - We call on the spirits - I want you out of my house. - Wait! What the hell is happening to her? This happened to my wife. Expression consumed her, she had no control. I need you to call Mom. We need witches. A lot of them. Ask the angels who they're calling Go ask the angels if they're calling to thee Ask the angels while they're falling Who that person could possibly be And I know you got the feeling Is this allowed? What would Lexi say? Lexi thought I would turn my emotions back on if I started enjoying life again. Don't tell me she took you to see Bon Jovi. No. Wrong decade. Lexi was not allowed to feed with Stefan. I didn't have that problem. And neither do you. And I know it's hard sometimes You've gotta piece the needle across the sky And I know it's hard sometimes Hey! And world war is the battle cry And it's wild, wild, wild, wild I'm hungry. Pick. You know I see it written across the sky People rising from the highway And war, war, is the battle cry And it's wild, wild, wild, wild Don't scream. Armageddon, it's gotten No savior jailer can take it from me World ending, it's just beginning And rock and roll is what I'm born to be And it's wild, wild, wild, wild Your turn. Wild, wild, wild, wild Ask the angels if they're starting to move Coming in droves in from L.A. Ask the angels if they're starting to move Coming in droves in from L.A. Ask the angels if they're starting to groove Lightning as armor and it's today Wild, wild, wild, wild Ugh. Pack rat. Thanks, Will. Is it just you? This place wasn't easy to find. Figured you wouldn't want to draw attention. It'll work. - I'm Aja. - You friends with my mom? I was. After she became a vampire we didn't have a whole lot in common. - So she's not coming. - This is witch business. Look, I know you're scared, but I've dealt with Expression before. I know the hold it can have on you. It's not that, I'm just I'm strong. You won't be able to do this alone. Oh, honey Who said anything about being alone? There's almost nothing as strong as a full coven. So I brought 11 of my closest friends. Won't be fun but we're gonna cleanse you. You ready? Let's do this. She is a virtue Make you feel like you're good for nothing To see if the crowd turns Leave. Looks like Damon gave us the slip. Good. Hopefully he'll find whatever he's looking for and then I can take it. And what if you can't? I mean, he is stronger than you. I could help you. You want the cure off the table, I wanna take it we could work together. Work together. Don't you hate me? I hated the moral, self-righteous version of you, but this one's not so bad. Maybe it's your new haircut. Do you even remember what it's like to be human? Weak. Fragile. Why would you want to go back to that? Because someday I want a family of my own. And that's exactly why I don't want your help. The best part of having no emotions is that I can think rationally. I'll do whatever it takes to get it done. You're the opposite. A pile of neuroses, insecurities, hopes and dreams. You're basically one big emotional variable that I just don't really need. You just made me miss the old Elena. There's been two massacres. Pastor Young's farm is here and the old Lockwood Cellar where you spitefully slaughtered is here. According to the book, the Expression Triangle is equilateral. Putting it here. Somebody's been skipping their geometry classes. There are actually two places where the third massacre could be. Well, you didn't let me finish. Hey, what's going on? Did you find Bonnie? No, but I talked to her dad. I think I found Silas. Call out to the spirits, Bonnie, let them in. I can't it, it It hurts! Aah! It's because you've rejected the spirits. The Expression's consumed you. I changed my mind. I don't wanna do this anymore. - Let me go! - She's fighting. - You're gonna let me go. - I need help. Link with me. Lend me your power! We need more strength! So Silas is appearing as Professor Shane. Wouldn't be my first choice. Would be to brainwash Bonnie into committing a massacre. - You need me to come home? - No, we got it. - How's the cure search going? - Well Not great. I mean, it's no massacre in the making but Rebekah trailed us here. And in addition to my buddy being a brilliant identity thief whew, he's also a hoarder. - What are you trying to find? - Will had a repeat customer. Five-foot-seven brunette, said she was a runner. - Katherine. - Turns out I was helping her run from me. Ironic. Problem is, I'm pretty sure his filing system goes by birth date but I can't remember Katherine's. - June 5th, 1473. And that, brother, is why you are the better boyfriend. Well, will you look at that? It's all her former addresses. Including a couple from the last two months. They're mostly P.O. Boxes, but hey, it narrows the search. Well, you're welcome. - So you headed back now? - Yeah, tomorrow morning. Gotta keep up the ruse for the terrible two outside. - Pretend like I'm having a good time. - And you're not? Tell you tomorrow. Sorry, I had to get some quiet. Couldn't hear Stefan over The Runaways 2.0. Let me guess, he's worried. Jealous, mainly. He's having acid flashbacks of me and Lexi in the '70s in New York. Tell you about it over a drink. Come on. Lexi stuck with me for months partying with me, showing me a good time. But late every night she tortured me in the worst possible way. - Tell me about her. - No. What did she look like? What did she sound like? Tell me everything you remember about her. Every night. And that's my cue. You have a nice fight. Try not to break anything. Every night. Every night we'd get wasted. The second I bottom out, you bring up Katherine. Because you loved her, and love is the most powerful emotion. If I can just get you to remember how you felt about her I don't want to remember. I mean, wha? Why do you care so much? Do you remember how we first met? It was 1864 Stefan had just killed your father, made you turn into a vampire and he was killing his way through Mystic Falls. You hated him. Rightfully so. But before you left, you asked me to help him. Because no matter what happened, he was still your brother, and you cared about him. Now you need help. And he cares about you. We both do. Let me help you. Tell me about Katherine. Talking about Katherine's not gonna help me. Why not? Because she's not the person I care about. It flipped. The switch. Why didn't you tell me? Because I barely felt it at first but every night it's gotten stronger. It worked. You worked. You and Lexi? Here? On the bar? On the bar, on the stage, on the roof. - It was a very long night. - Yeah. Where are you going? To the roof. I want to hear the rest of the story. Okay. Excuse you. I just wanna see where we are. When we split up, you did have the option of going with Stefan. And leave Bonnie's life in your hands? Fat chance. You even know how to read a map? Yes, and you know who taught me? My friend Magellan. Wow, you had a friend. Was he drawn to your darkness too? I was referring to Damon and Elena when I said that but clearly it struck a chord with you. - That's because it's not true. There is no allure to darkness. Really? So you've never felt the attraction that comes when someone who's capable of doing terrible things for some reason, cares only about you? I did once, when I thought he was worth it. But it turns out some people can't be fixed. People who do terrible things are just terrible people. We're here. Although, judging by the lack of witches, "here" is not the correct location. Yield to the spirits, Bonnie. You can't fight us. Stop. It's not what you think. This is no place for a vampire. She's working for Silas. Silas? He brainwashed her to kill you. - What are you doing? - If Silas has her, she's lost. We can't save her. Wait. I have the power of twelve witches. You don't stand a chance. - They're linked. Bonnie's gonna kill them. - Not if the witches kill her first. - Klaus, we need to save her. - How? The only way to stop the witches is to kill them, and then Silas gets what he wants. Spirits, take her soul. Free her from darkness. No! Bonnie? Bonnie. The triangle is complete. It's beautiful up here. I could do this, you know. The Lexi method? Hang with you. Party with you. It wouldn't be the worst way to turn my emotions back on. Thought you hated emotions. I do. Maybe I'm just looking for an excuse to spend more time with you. I've never done it on a rooftop before. You're not missing much. You don't have to take the high road, Damon. I'm not sired to you anymore. I want this. You want this. What? Looking for that? Did you really think that was gonna work? The sex, the temptation? The booze. Are you kidding me? I invented that trick. Good luck. I spent all night reinforcing it. It was tough. I had to be really quiet not to wake you up. What is this? - Payment. - For what? Ah, for the last six months of my life. For the nagging, the self-righteous platitudes. I'm paying you back for six months of you. Your humanity isn't back on, is it? Never was. - So this was all just - A joke. A big fat lie. The best part is, you believed it. You thought I was like Stefan. A wounded little bird that you could nurse back to health. But he's a victim. I choose to be this way. Enjoy the day. I hear it's gonna be a scorcher. You pretended to have feelings for her to get her off your back? I was willing to do whatever it took. Sound familiar? - Oh, I hurt your feelings. - Not my feelings. I'm looking out for you. Because one day, you will flip that switch back on and all of the bad stuff you did will come rushing back and it is going to suck. So you're saying you felt bad for Lexi? She became a walking, talking reminder of all the awful things I'd done. I managed to avoid her for decades. Then she shows up in Mystic Falls to wish my baby bro a happy birthday, and boom. Rush of memories. Rush of guilt. - So you kill her? - Out of sight, out of mind. Every day you're like this is a day that you might do the one thing you can't take back. Here's what I don't get. You spent six months getting her to fall in love with you, just to hurt her. You were spiteful, malicious, borderline evil and you say that you had your emotions turned off. - Those all sound like emotions to me. - Maybe they were. Maybe hatred's the first one I got back. All the more reason to cure you. We'd get the normal Elena back without all the ugly stages in between. I'm not taking the cure, Damon. Yes, you are. Even if I have to break your neck or tie you up in chains till we find it. What was that you said about handling things yourself? Hey. How you feeling? What are you doing here? How'd I get here? What do you mean? I brought you home. The witches almost killed you. What witches? You don't remember? Whatever the witches did must have messed with your memory. How did I get off the island? Wait, Bonnie what's the last thing you can remember? I guess I remember being in that cave and Jeremy was trying to pry the cure out of Silas' hands. Please tell me he got it. We didn't get it, did we? There's something you need to know about Jeremy. There. Twelve graves for 12 witches. Like it never happened. Only it did happen. And now Silas has everything he needs to open the gates to hell on earth. You were just gonna let Bonnie die. I know arithmetic isn't your strong point, but one is still less than 12. Yeah, but that one is my best friend. You tell yourself whatever you need to so you can sleep at night. I just killed 12 people. Hey. Hey. You look like you're in need of comfort. Why don't you find someone less terrible you can relate to? Thank you. Of the three massacres, this was the one I was dreading. Silas, I presume? - Morning, Damon. - Where are you? The better question would be, where are we going? Sorry, Damon, I think I broke your radio. You're in my car? Heh. We weren't gonna take the bus. I wish this could've gone differently. I really do. But we'll give Katherine your best. Damon, what did you do? Let's just say it involves a 5'7" brunette and her blond accomplice. Don't tell me this is going where I think. Wrong fantasy, brother. Unless you're into betrayal and snapped necks. The lead I had on Katherine, Elena stole. If you're searching for the words to tell me how badly I screwed up, save your breath. I didn't stop the massacre. Guess Silas has everything he needs. Everything but the cure. I'm sorry, mate. Don't have it. But you know who does. And the last thing you want is for that cure to be used on you, so you bring it to me. Then it won't be. You get to live. Yeah. With all of my dad's supernatural enemies from the other side. You know, you don't scare me, Silas. Or Shane, or whoever you are. But I think I know what does. Now, where did you get that? Let's just say your sister's mind is a little easier to read than yours. So care to reconsider my offer? Missed by an inch. But don't worry, I'm not trying to kill you. Not just yet. Just a little something to remember me by. I'll be in touch!   
                
