Dead Fall



                    			Previously on "Prison Break": I got nothing against you, kid. - What are you doing? But they do. Your pal Manche told me all about your little treasure hunt for Westmoreland's stash. We're going to Utah. Fooled you. - Put your hands behind your back. Make yourself at home. - Sure. Your father got a call from the White House. They withdrew his nomination. According to them, his confirmation was a problem, My father's not a suicidal man. Governor Tancredi, not part of our plan, Anyone who knows anything has to be dealt with, If someone is a liability, they go, Tancredi was a liability, so is his daughter. - Wait, what? Burrows is scheduled to be released,,, ,,, from the clifton detention center in Kingman, Arizona tomorrow morning, L.J.'s out there. I'm gonna get him. Take care. Charles Westmoreland, God bless you and your wrinkled old sack. It's all here. - Where's sucre? Drop the pack. No one's going anywhere. What the hell are you doing, man? Sucre, whatever it is you want - I want the money. All of it. - What? Are you robbing us? The money was never yours to begin with. This is about business. Five million dollars worth of business. So this is how it's gonna go down, huh? After everything? Once a thief, always a thief. You just figuring that out? The backpack. Now! Don't do this, buddy. Yo, take a look around you, papi. There's three of us. There's one of you. You are outnumbered, man, and we will come after you. It'll be the last thing you do. - What, are you gonna shoot all of us? Probably not. But I will get two. Now, which two is it gonna be? That's what I thought. Adiós, amigos. I don't believe this. We have come all this way and done all of this work, man. Thought you was compadres, Tattoo? So look, what are we gonna do now, man? Police are gonna be here any second. Ain't no way I'm letting that dunderpate ride off with 5! It's your choice. It's all right. All right, I'm gonna give you this and you should be able to cut yourself free in about an hour. Yo, so, what's the plan? - Well, you can do what you want. I let that psychopath T-Bag loose once. I'm not gonna do it again. Make a nice little present for the police when they get here. Where is he? I don't know, man. Look, I gotta I gotta go, all right? Good luck. They're gonna get you. Ms. Tancredi. Oh, I didn't mean to startle you. What are you doing in my house? - No need to be frightened. I used to work with your father. I'm so sorry for your loss. My father didn't commit suicide. What are you doing? - Making sure it doesn't look like I did. People ask questions if the day the governor kills himself his daughter is found dead in what looks like a struggle. Well, then what if they don't find her? In an apparent attempt to avoid jail time the governor's daughter skips bail and disappears. We're talking about your last minutes, Ms. Tancredi. Please don't do this. - That stuff on the table is premium. Grade A. Go out on a high. Look, look, I'm begging you here. One last ride. God! "Adiós, amigos," huh? What? Too much? You were great. This thing is freaking heavy, dude. - It won't be after we split it up. Me, you and Linc. Four. We gotta send a share to Charles' daughter. With her father's love, just like I promised. What about C-Note? Feel bad about the whole thing. - No way to know if we could trust him. Once we get to Panama, we'll send something to his family. Make sure he's taken care of. Five million dollars. I can't believe I'm gonna Where the hell's the money? Where the hell is the money? The backpack. Now! Here you go. Watch your head. Mr. Burrows, merry Christmas from the state. Here's a list of options available to you. Places to stay businesses that are more open to hiring men out of the correctional system. Any questions you might have about your immediate future? No. Well, the number on there is toll-free. If you encounter any problems, you can call that 24/7. Thanks. - Wait a second, listen. You know what? Why don't you tell me where you need to go and I'll make sure you get there. You know what? I think I'll be all right. - You sure? Yeah, thank you. Kid didn't bite. He's on foot. - All right, Have your men follow him. Remember, it's the father we want. We can't go back. Without the money, we're screwed. We can't - Just let me think. Maybe there's - Just let me think. Maybe it's still back at the house. The money's not back at the house unless T-Bag is. He must've switched the packs. What? What do we do? What do we do now? We still got the 5 grand we took when we pocketed the money. It's not gonna be 5 million but it might be enough to get us where we're going. All units be advised, escaped convicts from Fox River,,, ,,, have been positively ID'd at 1131 Monterey Lane, We have dogs being dispatched to the location, I want every road in or out of town blocked off, I don't care if it's on wheels, rails or hooves. I want it stopped and searched. You said we would have a head start. It was the gunshot, buddy. One of the neighbors must've heard. How fast can that thing go? - I don't know. Both of us, it could probably, I don't know We're never gonna get out of here on the roads. We need to find another way. He's in your office. Can't believe they're calling me back. My escapees are out there. I wanna know who this guy is. - Said his name was sullins. Son of a bitch. Let me know if anything breaks on the convicts. Alex, thanks for coming in. - Wanna tell me why Internal Affairs is pulling me out in the middle of a manhunt? It's been a while since we've had a sit-down, hasn't it? Not since shales escape, right? - Yeah. What's going on, Richard? Well, that's precisely what I'm here to find out. You're not getting out of here until I do. Oh, my God, civilization. Jenny, how about another round over here? What can I get for you, boys? You tell me. Two waters, then. And the use of your phone, if you'd be so kind. Don't worry, it's a local call. First thing I do we get home? Clean underwear. - Then what? Guess I'll go back to that liquor store and beg for my job back. We had it. We were so close. I can still taste that money right there in the back of my throat. Well, nothing that a couple of Keystones, a Hungry-Man salisbury steak dinner and a night in front of the TV won't take care of. Hey, Ma. It's Brad. Hey, listen, me and Roy, we ran into some car trouble and we're wondering if you can pick us up. Well, I don't know. What the hell town is this? Thought you said this was a local call. - Hey, Bradley, check this out. Just a minute, Ma. These individuals were reportedly the prisoners who escaped,,, ,,, from the Fox River Penitentiary in Illinois just a couple of days ago, What were they doing all the way out here in Tooele, Utah? Well, Jeanette Owens, whose garage they dug up, has her own theory, They pretended that they were some kind of workers,,, ,,, from the power company and that they had made a mistake,,, ,,, that they would have to do some digging, Investigators just,,,, Hey, Ma, on second thought, can you wire us some extra scratch? Turns out we're not done yet. Hello. Bruce, I need your help, - sara? Bruce, my father didn't commit suicide, okay? Okay, just calm down. Where are you? - He was looking into the Burrows case, He found something that they didn't want him to know. Now I think that they think that I know it too. I want you to listen to me. I'm gonna send someone to pick you up. I'll bring you back here, we'll sort all of this out, I promise. Just tell me where you are, I don't know. I'm at a payphone. Third and Harper. - You have your cell if I need to reach you? I do, but I thought it would be tapped. I don't know. - Someone's on their way. Just stay right where you are. Thank you. I'll give you 80 bucks for them. - Come on, man, they're worth Worth a lot more to the person they actually belong to. These are ladies clubs, doctor. I'm guessing they're hotter than a monkey's jockstrap. Eighty bucks. Throw in the cooler and you got a deal. We gotta lose the bike. - No way. Roads are sealed. It's the only way we'll make it out. I can't. I promised Petey We're not getting that thing across the river and every minute we spend trying is a minute we don't have, okay? I'm sorry, but we gotta move. I heard about these kind of places. They got leeches, you know? I'll take the leeches in here over the handcuffs back there. I don't know, papi. It depends where the leech leeches, you know? Stop kidding around. You all right, buddy? - I can't I can't move. You feel like you broke anything? No, I don't think so. Can you get it? Can you get it off of me? I'll try. This thing's not going anywhere. I'm gonna check your foot. I'm sorry, buddy. It's stuck. I need you to call 911. - Okay. Take a deep breath for me. Okay, Kelli, my name is sara. I'm a doctor. You're gonna be okay. Can you hear me? You're gonna be all right. I just need you to take some deep breaths and I need you to hang in there for me. Okay Kelli? Kelli? It's gonna be okay, right? I mean, if you can get eight people out of prison you can get my Puerto Rican ass out of this, right? Can't you? Damn it! Did you hear that? I know that sound. There's a dam upriver. It's a signal. It means they're opening the locks. That means the water level's gonna rise. When it does, the log will just float right off. Yeah? K-23, canine units at the scene have multiple scents,,, and are spreading out into the field. These guys can't have gotten far. There were six cons back at that house. They'll be tracking us in every direction. It'll take them hours to make it over this far and by that time, the water level will rise. And we'll be long gone. - Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure. Ask any of the 20 cops there. John Abruzzi was armed. John Abruzzi drew his weapon. He never should have been allowed to get that far. Let's be clear. If you knew how things needed to be handled on a manhunt you'd be out there running one instead of hamstringing the men that are. The FBI's primary objective in investigating fugitive matters is to effect the swift location and capture of the fugitives. You have two dead bodies, Alex. I've got two dead felons, Richard. Maybe that doesn't play well from a public-relations standpoint but from a public-safety standpoint, Abruzzi and Apolskis were by the book. The shooting of an unarmed kid at point-blank range is by the book? Come on. Incident report, David "Tweener" Apolskis. You know, I'm curious. Was he cuffed during transport? - Yeah. It says in here he somehow managed to grab your primary weapon. You carry that in a shoulder holster? - Hip. Left, right? Right, left? - Left. Left. I'm sorry. I get confused sometimes. So just so I've got this right you were driving along alone with a cuffed prisoner and somehow he reaches forward across your chest grabs your weapon. It's too bad you didn't react that quickly with Apolskis. Maybe he'd still be alive. What does origami have to do with any of this? Michael scofield sent it to her. And since your brilliant plan to eliminate sara Tancredi from the equation failed completely I wouldn't say it failed completely. - There's a dead woman in a phone booth. A civilian. A certain number of bodies you can sweep under the rug. The president's rug is getting so full you can barely stand on it. So, what do you suggest we should do? Ever go fishing, Bill? - Just make your point. There's two ways to catch a fish. You cast out a big net and hope you get what you're looking for. Or you choose the right bait and guarantee that you do. It's a simple strategy, it plays across the board. L.J. Will lead us to Burrows. Sara will lead us to scofield. How do you intend to follow sara when the only lead you've got is an origami bird with an out-of-service phone number? Maybe it's not a phone number. What do you have? - Junior's on the move and still no sign of Burrows. Sir, the guy's in hiding. Maybe he doesn't even know his kid's out. The cop that was held hostage in Utah has Burrows splitting off from the rest of the group just after word of L.J.'s release hit the wires. He knows, Now, if we wanna know for sure if he's there we need to do something to draw him out. Hey, yo, man, spare some change? No. - Come on, man. No, I'm all tapped out. - I know you got something. I'll take whatever you got. - Seriously. I just got out of lockup. I would if I could. Sorry. - So you think you're better than me, huh? I don't think I'm better than you. - Yo, where you running, little man? I'm not running anywhere. This isn't how it's supposed to go. The reason I went along with the break was to have a life with Maricruz and my baby. And now what? Get some two-bit job? Always be looking over my shoulder? What kind of life is that? You can come with me and Linc to Panama. Start over. The longer you stay here the more the chance there is you'll never make it to Panama. You got other people to think about. Your brother. Your nephew. Sara. She's meeting you down there, isn't she? - I don't know. We never talked about it. But you're hoping. - Give it a rest, will you? Dogs locked in, We got two trails merging, They were here, headed towards Drucker Ranch. They've gone off-road. Any additional units ,,, we need to set up a one-mile perimeter and then start closing in, It's getting deeper. Yeah, a little. So how come this freaking tree ain't moving yet? Let me check. You all right? Look, Michael I understand if you have to keep going, you know? Just shut up. I'm not going anywhere. No, look, just think about it. - Lf I leave, you drown. I know, but just The water level's getting higher, sucre. How many seconds can you hold your breath? Forty-five? Sixty? That's how long you've got to live if I take off. How long you have if you stay? Till the dogs lead the cops here? What you're suggesting is not an option. - I ain't trying to be a hero or nothing. We both know there are only two things that can happen now. Leave me here or we both get caught. Bruce? - Sara. I know we said not to use this number, but I needed to know you were okay. My driver went to pick you up and the place was a crime scene. The woman that he saw by the payphone that was supposed to be me. And I had to leave her there, I didn't know what to do, Who are these people? They knew where I was gonna be standing. They knew exactly where I was gonna be Sara? You there? - It was you. What are you talking about? I just need to know where you are, - oh, my God. Excuse. We'd like to check on a friend of ours, L.J. Burrows. He's getting stitches. - We wanna make sure he's all right. And you can see him when he's through. It's policy. You don't get it. - I get that that kid defended himself. Tell us why you attacked him. - I told you. Some guy paid me to. - Some guy paid you. Yeah, of course he did. - FBI. What do you mean, somebody paid you? - What the hell's it sound like, man? Some dude gave me 50 bucks to give the kid a beat down. It's Burrows. He's here. How you feeling, slugger? Dad? We gotta move. Hospital security, Wing 3-G, Hospital security, Wing 3-G, There's not much you can do. - Oh, boy. Excuse me, I need to ask you a few questions. I'm on the follow-up investigation team. Excuse me. Gotta go. See you later. - We were just curious. Did you see if the convicts actually found what they were digging for? No, but it sure sounded like they did. The spaniard, he took off with one of my daughter's camping packs and he left the other ones in a real tizzy. Sounded like he screwed them over something fierce. And they just let him leave? Well, they weren't happy about it, but yeah. He took off on his motorbike. Then they left a few minutes later. - Together? No, the pretty one and the black fellow, they left first. And then that dirty southerner, he snuck out the back. But he was moving kind of slow, you know, with the weight of that backpack. And that disability that he - Wait, he had a backpack too? Yes. He came back in and slipped this into my brassiere on his way out. He said it was to cover the damages. Well, we're gonna need to keep this as evidence. Thanks for your time. Get in the car. Seven-three-six, space,,, three-three-nine, space, eight-six-eight-seven. And what exactly are you looking for? A pattern. A code. Anything. What? What are you trying to tell me, Michael? They say people come into your life for a reason. Maybe my reason was to help you get out of Fox River, you know? To help you save your brother. - No. It's okay, papi. Let me go. We're a quarter mile downriver below the dam, It's now or never, Michael. I want you to hold your breath, okay? - Why? Just do it. I'll be right back, I promise. What the hell are you doing? All units, redirect to the river, I want you to go under and then stick your arm up above the water, high. All right. Then when you start running out of air, wave it back and forth so I can see it. Okay. - And I'll come back and get you. Okay? Give me your hand. One, two three. Come on. Come on. Sucre? Sucre! Talk to me. - Well, there is one possibility but it's almost too rudimentary. We know we're not looking at a phone number but maybe we're not looking at numbers at all. What's important are the letters that correspond to that number, Three dots, third letter: R. Two, D, E. Three possibilities per number, That's thousands of letter combinations, But only one of them spells out a word, The question is where? Hey, what are you in the market for? - Four wheels and a gas pedal. Hey, Petey, it's me. Listen, I got something to tell you. I was wondering when you were gonna call. Yeah. A lot has come down since we last talked, and Yeah, I know, I heard, You ruined it, Yeah You heard already? - Well, brother, everybody's heard, man. And let me tell you something, man. Hector is pissed. What does Hector have to do with it? - It was his wedding. Wait a minute. What are you talking about? - Your bike. What are you talking about? The wedding. - What about the wedding? Well, you know the part where you say "I do"? Maricruz said, "I don't." She did? - Left homeboy standing at the altar,,, ,,, holding his Spam in his hand, if you know what I'm saying, What were you telling me about my bike? All right. I'll go get your keys. We've got a couple of stops to make. First, there's this place call Blanding. We meet up with Linc in a couple of days - I can't go. She said no, papi. Maricruz Maricruz told that son of a she told him no. Can you believe that? That's great. - I know. Now, I just No, go on. Get your girl. How about Panama? We said - some other time. Panama's not gonna go anywhere. And this is in case you run into trouble down the road. The river. I told you to leave me behind. Yeah, well, I tried. But, you know, I got tangled up in the rope, so okay, here you go. - Thanks. And Think we'll need another car. Do you really think the diaper sniper got all of it? Only one way to find out. If you're Bagwell and you just got your hands on $5 million where would you go? You think you're the only one that feels betrayed? I'm gonna get out of here someday. And when I do don't think I won't remember what your front steps look like. Let me get this straight. You paid that meth head to whup my ass? Yeah. Feds were waiting for me to come get you. It was the only way. It worked, didn't it? - Yeah. Yeah, it got me four stitches. Adds character. Here, take that. There's some ice in there. Put it on the eye. Keep the swelling down. I've been in a few fights in my day too. Too many. "Rendezvous. Sundown. Hot." There's one more bird. Clean it. Every surface, like she never came home. Go. Waiting for your flight from Utah we had a little extra time for due diligence. I decided to dig a little deeper on your history. Or rather lack of one. Starts off simple enough. Poor family. Mom leaves, cites spousal abuse. Somehow your dad holds on to custody, and by the look of these pediatric meds he beat you like a harp seal for the next four years. Poor abused kid, not a lot of options, he joins the military. Will there be any actual questions or is this just a show-and-tell? Okay, I got one. How does a guy go from Infantry grunt with less than stellar marks to the Gulf I special ops, to the Federal Bureau of Investigation leading the largest manhunt this country's ever seen? I have all these dots. And there's just no way to connect them. Looks like you need to work on your clearance level, Dick. Maybe I'll just work on you. - You wanna do this? I will chain you to this desk until I get answers I cannot fertilize my lawn with. You sure you wanna do this? I know what they tell you to do overseas, Alex and let me make it perfectly clear. We do not do it on American soil. Sir, there's a phone call for you. I'll take it later. Sir, you're gonna wanna take this now. Yeah? Yes, sir. I'm with him now. Yes, sir. Bye. Where you going? I thought we were really starting to get somewhere. Let's go. Alex. You got something for me? Open it. The numbers correlate to the letters on a phone. Only on this one, none of the possible combinations make sense. We think it's a location. A rendezvous point for Michael scofield. You find it, you find him. You could've gotten me out of there sooner. Even we have to go through certain channels to make sure things appear on the up-and-up. You know all about that, don't you, Alex? Keeping up appearances. Good. I'm just making sure that we're still clear on the directive of this manhunt. You know, I understand the reasoning behind Burrows and scofield. But the other men, criminals that they may be there's nothing in their profiles - You've been hired to do a job. The reasoning does not concern you. You don't ask any questions about us maybe we'll continue to make sure no one asks questions about you. Are we clear? They all die. They all die.   
                
