Unearthed



                    			Previously on "Prison Break": Excuse me, ladies. I need to ask you a few questions. And that dirty southerner, he snuck out the back. Do you really think the Diaper sniper got all of it? If you were Bagwell and you just got your hands on $5 million where would you go? I'm right in the city. In the Rainbow Room. Restaurant in New York City. I am gonna be waiting in that spot. And that's all that I want in this whole worid,,, is for my two giris to be waiting there for me. Three dots, third letter. Rendezvous. The question is, where? Sundown, hot. What? What are you trying to tell me, Michael? I think I owe you an apology because I lied to you about oscar shales. Right there. That's where I put the bullet in him. What are you doing, man? You've been hired to do a job. The reasoning does not concern you. Don't ask any questions about us we'll continue to make sure no one asks any about you. Are we clear? They all die. Hey. - Hey. Are you new? Yeah. No one told me we were getting a new volunteer. I've been working, the night shifts. Clean up. And Jimmy said I could change my shift, so You know what you're doing? Yeah. I'll see you around. - Right. This might be scofield. - Copy that, You take that side. Freeze! - Take it easy, man. Stay on the ground. - What's the deal? He's gone. How you feeling? - Okay, I guess. Tired. I'm a target, kid. As long as you're with me, so are you. Things will get a whole lot worse before they get better. Understand? After we meet up with Uncle Mike and get to Panama. Panama ain't a sure thing. Your uncle's plan is dangerous. I mean, really dangerous. Listen, all the charges against you have been dropped. You're free and clear to start a new life. A good life. Not be running, looking over your shoulder You want me to leave? No. No. - Good, because I'm not. Here you go. Turn the sound up on the tube, Jenny. Sure, Hank. Do you have any thoughts on the death of David Apolskis? It was unfortunate, - Tests show he was shot at close range, David. - Was there ever any opportunity? Let me remind you that despite his age, David "Tweener" Apolskis was a fugitive who made a move for my weapon. I did not want to have to kill him. Sometimes things happen that are just out of your control. That good old boy's hunting them all down, ain't he? Sources claim that you have recovered Scofield's hard drive, Obtained substantial data from it, - What sources? Retrieved information detailing not only how Scofield broke out,,, but how he plans to stay out. Comment? - No. The event at Blanding Botanical Gardens earlier today,,, that was a result of hard drive data you collected. No comment. Have you found other locations where Scofield might be? I believe I said no comment, - There's something about this guy, It's like he knows where we're going, what we're thinking, Tell us where you're heading, - What role will the hard drive play? Details of this investigation are extremely confidential, Heard it came back from the lab. Any findings? Yeah, 3200 nitroglycerine ampoules. Scofield knew these needed to be stored in a cool, moist area. Best place for that in the Utah desert is the botanical gardens. Stable? - All medical grade. Safely used by heart patients all the time. But in the aggregate It can take out an entire building. That box right there. This is why we can't have leaks coming from this office. God help the agent who goes behind my back and talks to the press. Can you elaborate on any of your tactics in this manhunt? Sun Tzu said that if you know your enemy,,, ,,, you need not fear 100 battles, I know these men, who they are, where they came from, Where they want to go, These convicts are in a constant battle, Not only with me,,, ,,, but with themselves, Second-guessing every decisión they make, Do I turn left? Do I turn right? Stay or go? My job is to know how they'll answer these questions, The only way to win a war is to try to know your prey completely, And then you get to go after your enemy with everything you've got, our half price stuff's in the back. I'm looking for something very specific. - Okay. This is it. This is exactly what I need. - Great. We were just inches away today. Inches. I want these blown up huge. Put them up in my office, on the walls. - What are these? In there is information regarding a rendezvous that scofield set up. We're gonna crack that code today. Lang! Today's the day Franklin told his wife he'll meet her at the Rainbow Room. Right. - Wrong. Today Franklin's going down. Are you ready? - Everything's arranged. It's all here? - Yeah. Yo, Ray, let's go. Hey, yo, Trey. What's up, nigga? I know that ain't you. - It ain't a ghost, man. You holding up all right? Just catching a whole bunch of buses just to get here to Chi-Town, man. How you think I'm supposed to feel? Chris, Jay. What's up, Flam? You look like you lost a few, bro. Slim-Fast, baby. - Is that what it is? Feds been in your old lady's business, no joke. Up in your crib. Following her around. - Yeah, I know, man. Yo, I know you love Kacee. I don't know if it's a good idea for you to come around here. You're a wanted man. I'm wanted because I kept my mouth shut. And I kept you out of Fox River. C- Man, we feel that. And we owe you one. Good, because I'm collecting right now. My wife is waiting for me and I am not leaving Chi-town without my family, you understand? Now, you all are gonna help me. Let's roll out. Where you going? To take my kid to school. I know about the Rainbow Room. I don't know what you're talking about. - Phone lines are tapped. We heard your entire conversation with your husband. Since you and Dede aren't booked on any flights to New York don't tell me the Rainbow Room is a restaurant in Manhattan. Tell me where you're meeting your husband. Or I can arrest you. Right in front of your daughter. You go to hell. I haven't done anything wrong. You spoke with an escaped felon about meeting him today. You've done enough to be charged with attempt to aid and abet. Please, okay. Listen to me. One phone call and Child Welfare is here. You're going to County, Dede will be in foster care. No. - Don't worry. I hear the families in the foster system are topnotch. You are asking me to choose between my daughter and my husband. Exactly. Anything? - I'm on the phone with Fox River checking T-Bag's file. Hey, what you got for me? Really, 52 times? Where? I owe you, Patterson. We got a lot of road to cover. We're good. No more stops until we get to New Mexico. You forgot your change. - Yeah. Thanks. - You were in such a rush. Thanks. Thank you. Keep walking. Keep walking. Come on, keep walking. Damn it. We don't have to ditch the car. We can keep driving. We can't, the waitress made me and the car. It's useless. I'm sorry, you know. Maybe we can find another car. Cars aren't exactly growing on trees out here. We've got 400 miles to go, and no way of getting there. If we don't get to Michael in time, he'll leave without us. He wouldn't do that. - He doesn't have a choice. It's a one-shot deal out of the country. I said I was sorry. There was a sign for a train station. - It ain't that easy. We follow the road, we won't be seen. - It ain't that easy. Hey, I'm not an idiot. I was on the run too, you know. Yeah, you were on the run, and you got caught. Yeah, well, I'm sorry I'm not a pro at being a con like you, Dad. Maybe I should've just left when you gave me the out. Not like you care. Take it easy. I'm sorry, all right? I'm sorry, man, I'm just Let's get out of here. Mrs. Pamela Mahone? - Yes. Agent Wayne Merrick, FBI. I'd like to talk to you about your husband. I'm surprised that you're coming to me for a background check on Alex. It's standard procedure. We run these kind of checks when an agent's about to be promoted to a higher security clearance. I know that, I did this dance the last time he was promoted. I just figured that since we were divorced I mean, I rarely speak to him, and I certainly don't follow his career We really need to get this done today. So, I promise I won't take up much of your time. I've given enough time to my ex-husband, Mr. Merrick. I see. The Bureau can take its toll on your family. I understand that. My ex-wife is, an agent and let's just say I know how you feel. Promise me that he won't find out we spoke? Oh, it's totally confidential. Do you mind if I ask why? - To be perfectly honest, he scares me. Information, Hi, I need the number for a sundown Hotel please. What state? - All of them, please. Got one in Pierre, South Dakota, - okay. Another in Sutton, West virginia, And one in Gila, New Mexico, What can I do you for? - A batch of them sunflowers, please. If you don't mind me saying you do not sound like you hail from Kansas. You got a sharp ear. I hail from what we call the Yellowhammer state. What brings you to Tribune? Sir? Romance. Thank you so much. Somebody's gonna get hurt, Feds gonna be swinging bigger bats than these. We gotta have ours. - Look, man, that's all we need. Is your car, your truck, and some guts, man. We don't need all of this. Maybe we should think about it. - I said no. What's gonna happen, man, when the bullets start flying? Can you guarantee my family ain't gonna get hurt? Johnny Law's gonna be strapped up. I'm going in hot. I don't think you heard me. - No, I don't think you heard me. I'm not going in naked. I know we said we'd ride with you on this but I'm not going in there without some of these. You wanna punk out, man? Then punk out, because I can do this myself. Ain't nobody punking out. And no guns. But you better be right about this, if bullets do start flying the only blood being spilt is gonna be ours. You feel me? I feel you. Agent Kellerman! Agent Kellerman! - Yes? That name you wanted me to track. Kelli Foster. She booked a flight to New Mexico. Just landed. Got someone on her? - No, but we got an ID on her rental car. Should I update Mr. Kim? - No, I'll take care of this myself. We got a tip from a waitress who thinks she saw Burrows and his son. Outside st. David, Arizona. - Get a road team out there to confirm. Once they get a beat on Burrows, notify me immediately. Everybody out. Let's go, come on. Yeah? Sara Tancredi just booked a one-way ticket across the country. To where? - New Mexico, of course. Any luck breaking that code? - Not yet. But this helps, - Good. Wheeler! - Sir? Every combination that has NM in it. I want you to check it to see if it contains a location in New Mexico. I want it done now. - Now? Yeah, right now. So how well do you know Alex? He knows me better than I know him. He's a closed book, all right. But he wasn't always like that. In the first few years of our marriage he was actually romantic. And then one day, out of nowhere out of nowhere, what? - Everything changed. He became obsessed with getting out. - Out of the marriage? Getting out of the marriage. Getting me out of the house, out of his life. He left me. He left the both of us. You said you were scared of him. Why is that? He started acting strange. Started spending all of his time in the backyard gardening, of all things. I mean, the man was a neat freak. He'd throw away a pair of shoes if they even got scuffed. But he'd be out there, all covered in dirt and surrounded by these huge bags of fertilizer and lye. We just put this new sod in, and he just tore it all up and planted a flower bed. And I went out back once to talk to him. And he screamed at me and said not to come near the garden. Said that it was his. I'm sorry. If you If you wanna take a break. All I wanted was an explanation why things ended so suddenly. And all Alex could say was: "Sometimes things happen that are just out of your control." So the picture in your daughter's bedroom. The exact location where it was taken was a merry-go-round, right? Yeah. All you have to do is wait by the merry-go-round. Right where Benjamin's expecting you. Is that necessary? I mean, Benjamin's not even - It's precautionary. Look, I do this, you leave me and my child alone. You have my word. Is my wife there? Yeah, she's here. - Well, let's go get her, Number three, please confirm you're in position, number one, In 15 seconds a black jeep is gonna pull up by the parking lot entrance. Run to it. Chris? Go! I can't, they're gonna take Dede. - No, they won't. Is that guy talking to her? Get a read on him. Move to positions, - It's taken care of. Go! Go! She's running. She's running. Go, go, go! Move, move! Get in! Hold on. It's a 2007 black Jeep. License plates have been removed. We're in pursuit, headed No! Move the truck. Move the truck. I said move it! Where is my child? - Here. Dede? - Hey, it's me, baby. Hey, look, I just wanna tell you that everything is gonna be okay. We're gonna be a family again, I promise you that. Where is Dede? He said that you had her! No, no, no, no, no. Be easy, baby. Be easy. Trey is picking her up from school right now. Dede Franklin, Dawson Elementary. I want her pulled from school, now. What the hell is going on, man? - They say she's taking a test, man. But I think they're stalling. What about oscar shales? Oscar shales? Why is he important? Well, he's just the only fugitive to ever successfully elude your ex-husband. Alex was consumed with finding him. I mean, after what shales did to all of his victims, who could blame him? It was all he worked on, all he did for a year. But I don't think that it was the stress of chasing shales that caused Alex to start behaving erratically. Why is that? Because Alex changed after the trail went cold. I remember it like it was yesterday. He just walked into the kitchen, after 12 years of marriage and says that he wanted me out of the house immediately. I'll never forget the date. It was June 15th. I think I have everything I need. You didn't even ask about social history or education. That's standard in these checks. - That's been handled. I have to get these reports filed with strategic operations, AsAP. You're with strategic operations? - They handle these checks. Not since the 9/11 realignment, Mr. Merrick. The chief information officer does them now. They handled Alex's last check. When an agent reaches a level as high as your ex-husband's s.o. Takes over again. Bureaucracies. Thank you for the coffee. Look, just get her out of there. They're here. No, no, no, no. No, see, we gotta go. - Don't worry about it. Just get the car started, all right? Go. Daddy! - Hey, baby. You ready to go? - Where are we going? Disneyland. - Mr. Franklin, you can't FBI, stop! - Get him, get him! Come on, let's go! Let's go, baby. Let's go, baby. Come on, go, go, go! Franklin has the child! Repeat, Franklin has the child! Evening, Mrs., Hollander, Don't you look lovely this evening? You should've told me what you were. My God, I let you near my children! Don't think I won't remember what your front steps look like. Come on now, get away from the road. You wanna get caught? I saw you checking out those giris back at the diner. What? - Come on, fess up. No, I was making sure they weren't staring at us. With what, their asses? Beautiful giris in Panama. They love Americans. Cool. So how long you known about giris? Long enough. Since when? Thirteen. - Thirteen? With who? Donna Anselmi. - She was the kid next door. She was about - Four years older than me? Your mom was paying her for French lessons. Well, she earned the money. Come on. Away from the road. You're still way too close. Let's go. You want to learn some tricks, Gracey? - Like what? I let you into my life, Eighteen, 27. Evening, Mrs., Hollander, How you feeling, little Teddy? NM, six NM. Three. NM. NM, 6-3. NM, NM, NM Tomorrow. Pam, I really can't talk right now. Maybe I should call back, Who is this? - I think you already know. If you've done anything to Pam. Or my boy - We both know your family's fine, Although Pam did seem a little upset about you leaving, But then, you had to, didn't you? Because you couldn't let her find out, Find out about what? - Oscar Shales, you remember? The one that got away. Except he didn't get too far, did he? You're slipping, scofield. - Maybe, Let's hypothesize for a moment. Let's pretend I was the one who caught shales. I don't think I could have just handed that psychopath over to the courts, Not after he had eluded me for so long, Made me look bad. You've been out in the sun way too long, boy. You Feds make a nice living, But not so nice you go around tearing up expensive sod, Not unless you had to do a little digging. Not unless you wanted to hide something. Or someone, That's what all the lye was for, wasn't it? See, because there are two kinds of lye, Small amounts of the first kind can be a gardener's best friend, And large bags of the other kind decomposes bodies. Oh, you should write mystery novels. I don't know about you,,, but if I buried someone in my own back yard ,,, I'd think about it all the time, I'd think maybe I should move that body, Then I'd remember,,, ,,, that DNA leaches into soil, so even when the body was gone,,, the proof of what I'd done would still be there. I can imagine how it feels, The pressure, The constant fear. It's more than a man can bear. I'm gonna give you a chance, Back off, let me and my family disappear. And in return, I'll keep your little secret, How does that sound? Like a dead man talking. I know it's not how you wanted this to play out, But sometimes things happen that are just ,,, out of your control, This is one of those times, Take care of yourself. I'll see you soon, Michael. Oh, and Michael, it just may be sooner than you think. Did you have a nice nap? Visions of 12-year-olds dancing in your head? You're trespassing. - Nobody lives here anymore, Goldilocks. Seems the owner hit the bricks as soon as she heard a certain someone had re-entered society. Left in a hurry too. Even left some stuff behind. So this is where Theodore practiced "Pervert Knows Best." This is where he had his family supper. And that, I believe is where you and Mrs. Hollander expressed your love. Tell me, little Teddy, did you make her wear Dr. Dentons and hold a lunchbox to help you get all worked up? Bradley, I couldn't possibly expect a grown man who still lives with his mama to understand the machinations of love. You want to know how we found you? Fifty-two mash notes sent by you to this address. All of them begging Mrs. Hollander to take your white-trash ass back. And every one of them boomeranged to Fox River marked "Return To sender." The guards had a real laugh reading them, didn't we, Geary? Oh, damn right, we did. That is one mangy looking paw you got there, slick. What happened, Boy scout fight back? Geary. Now, you're gonna tell me where you stashed Westmoreland's money. Or I'm gonna pluck you like a chicken, stitch by stitch. Fine, you wanna know where the money is? I did spend a whole bunch of it last night on your mama. Wrong answer. Come on, baby. How are you? You're good? Yeah. - She's okay. Baby. - Yeah? What do we do now? We didn't have to wait too long at all. What are we gonna do? Get a ticket on the train. Come on. Just wait here until the train comes. Yeah, I think that's the guy right over there. Two Caucasian males on foot, fleeing the Willcox station. I'm running. L. J! L. J! - Hold it, right there. Stop. - Don't move. Please, please. He's got nothing to do with this. - Face down! Please. - Now! Cuff them. L.J., I'm sorry. Suspect in custody. Possible ID, Lincoln Burrows. I'm sorry. L.J., I'm sorry.   
                
