The Killing Box



                    			Previously on "Prison Break": We're staying. Give them hell. Bill, don't do this. I've dedicated my life to this country, to President Reynolds, I've been a perfect soldier, - Every photo, file. Get rid of all. Bill, don't do this, You left a message for Mr. Geary. I'm gonna gut you, bow to stern, I did not kill Roy Geary! Bagwell set me up! You are under arrest for the murder of Roy William Geary. My therapist said that I need to confront you to let you know how betrayed I feel. This is the Tribune Police. Just as long as you do your job, we'll forget about shales. And then you can go back to Colorado and visit your son, Cameron. Don't you ever mention his name again. What about your friend there? If we're gonna go down, might as well go down swinging. Sara. - Michael? Almost made it. - Hello? Hello, Michael? Is that you? - Get up. Turn around. Turn around! If you're gonna murder us, Alex, you'll have to look us in the eyes while you do it. Shut up. - You want me, you got me. Let my brother go! I don't want either of you. I just want my life back! You're gonna kill two innocent men to get it? Absolutely. - This is the United States Border Patrol, Drop the weapon and remain where you are, Drop the weapon, United states Border Patrol! Drop your weapon! All agents hold your positions. I'm FBI. These men are in my custody. - I don't care who you are. Until we verify, you will drop your weapon or we will drop you. Your choice. Move in! Hands on your head now! Don't move. You got anything to drink? Check the back. Unknown rider, unknown rider, This is DEA on guard, Radio frequency What do you mean "uh-oh"? - Border Patrol's on our ass, man. How long till we get to Mexico? - We're already in Mexico, papi. I thought they couldn't follow once we cross the border. - Not since 9/11. Unknown rider, unknown rider, What are we gonna do? Pull the cord and pray. Oh, hell, no. Look, we try and land the plane, we're pinched for sure. And if we jump? We're in the middle of the desert. Patrol'll have a hard time trying to find us once we land. If we land. Oh, you gonna land. It's just a matter of how hard. Good luck, amigo. We're receiving reports that escaped convicts,,, ,,, Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield, have been apprehended,,, ,,, just a few miles north of the U, S, -Mexican border, Federal Agent Alex Mahone, with assistance from the United States Border Patrol,,, ,,, took the men into custody just a short time ago, Now, not a lot of information available,,, ,,, but the brothers were apprehended without incident,,, ,,, while attempting to leave the country through the deserts of New Mexico, A long way from Illinois' Fox River State Penitentiary,,, ,,, where they escaped from less than 10 days ago, The Fox River Eight, as the group of convicts were once known,,, ,,, are now down to four, as only Benjamin Miles Franklin,,, ,,, Fernando Sucre, charles Patoshik, and Theodore Bagwell remain at large, Officials say it's only - sir? He just heard, and he'd like to see you. Back behind prison walls, Tips continue to pour in to manhunt's national hot line now down to four, as only Benjamin Miles Franklin,,, ,,, Fernando Sucre, charles Patoshik,,, ,,, and Theodore Bagwell remain at large, Godspeed, gentlemen. - Officials say it's a matter of days,,, ,,, before the rest of the Fox River Eight are back behind prison walls, Tips continue to pour in to manhunt's national hot line,,, ,,, and officials believe all four fugitives are still on American soil,,, ,,, allaying fears that they may have escaped across the Mexican border,,,, Excuse me, sarge. I was wondering if you could help a brother out. With what? I only recently returned from delivering democracy to the desert and I was wondering if you could tell me how a guy goes about getting one of those prosthetic jobbies. Didn't they make you whole before they shipped you? Well, let's just say the doctor made the bed, he just neglected to tuck in the sheets. Best thing for you to do is go on down there to the VA, get in line. That simple? Yeah. Till they send you the bill, and you gotta pay it. Those bastards in Washington send us to fight for them. Not a damn one of them fights for us. - Man, that is a crime. But luckily for me money is not the issue. Is that right? Any particular forms I might need in order to qualify? You know what, Mr. Don't-Ask-Don't-Tell? You figured out how to dye that hair of yours up like a nancy all by yourself. You sure as hell can figure out how to get a prosthetic for that stump of yours by yourself. Yeah, I think I got a pretty good idea where to start. I'm here with Ed Pavelka, the new warden of Fox River Penitentiary where Lincoln Burrows and Michael scofield are scheduled to be returned to some time tomorrow. Now, warden, the escape happened a mere two days before Burrows was scheduled to be put to death. He's already been granted one day. Do you anticipate any further? Lincoln Burrows is a convicted murderer. His escape has endangered the lives of civilians across this country. He is not a celebrity. He is not a martyr. And I can assure you that whatever leniency was afforded him and the other prisoners under the old regime at Fox River will no longer be tolerated. The only thing that Mr. Burrows can expect is what a jury of his peers demanded: A speedy execution. And Michael scofield? With his escape, the aiding and abetting charges the felonies he's racked up along the way on top of his original sentence I'd say Mr. Scofield will be spending the rest of his life behind bars. Thank you. Warden, one more question, sir. Who's got Mahone? Congratulations, sir. - What do you got? A call from the Illinois DoC. They're sending a contingent to collect Burrows and scofield take them back to Fox River. Remind them this is a federal case, we'll handle transport. Now I did, but it's an election year. Collar this big, everybody wants a piece. Warden called in a favor to the Bureau chief. He okayed it, so here we are, Should be there in about an hour, I wanna be placed in the prisoner-transport vehicle. What for? - Just get it done. Sir, these were the big fish, and you brought them in. You should feel good about that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, at least we're together, Yes, there is that. What are you thinking? Thinking about the old man. What he tried to do, you know. Tough to go down swinging when you're locked in a box. This isn't over yet. We're entitled to a phone call. We make that call to sara and she has the information Dad said she has. We can get you exonerated before this thing goes down. Michael, it's - Hey. We're entitled to a phone call. You're entitled to precisely squat until you're officially in custody. And that won't happen until you're back in Fox River, so sit tight. It's not over yet. Not yet. A lot of ground to cover between here and Illinois. I mean What are the chances we even make it to Fox River alive? Saw you on the news, Alex, Did you? - The brothers too, They were a little more breathing than I'd hoped. Yeah, well, Border Patrol showed up. Nothing I could do. - Really? Burrows and scofield, can you see them from where you are? Yeah. - Then put a bullet in their heads, They're being watched. - I don't care, By armed guards, They make it back to Fox River, it is over for all of us. Not much more this country loves than a bad man with a good story, How much longer do you think it'll be before someone puts a microphone in front of them? - Hey, are you listening? With the security here, what you're asking me to do is tantamount to suicide. Do you understand what I'm saying? - I wasn't asking anything. That would imply you had a say in the matter. Pull this off and you are halfway home, Alex. You remember what home is like, don't you? White fence, red door. You stay away from my family. You got a little something on your No. Here, let me. I'm so Pardon my forwardness. L - It's okay. Thank you. Normally, I wouldn't intervene. It's just, yesterday when I was I got home from work I found what looked like the Brazilian rain forest Iodged between my two front teeth. And all I could think about was the number of people who must've seen, and not Not a damn one of them had the decency to tell me. Mild diastema. Excuse me? It's a slight gap between your eight and nine. Your two front teeth. And that it sometimes can act as a magnet for food like broccoli and tuna, and sometimes rice. Or relish. All this and brains too? What are you a dentist or a? - Me? No. Hardly, no. I could never. My ex. My ex-husband, he was - A bastard? That too. Have you ever been to Italy? Denise. - Denise. That's a lovely name. You know, in Italy they have wine every day with lunch. And what do we do in this country? We power our food down with caffeine, carbonation and high-fructose corn syrup. No one ever takes the time to enjoy things anymore. Denise, would you do me the honor of enjoying the rest of your lunch with me? I think I'd like that. White or red? And with limited financial resources, he poses no flight risk Unless he'd rather not stand trial for capital murder. The defendant has shown great resourcefulness in being able to travel across country with little money. There's no reason he couldn't do it again. If you don't want to believe me, believe Mr. Bellick. You thieving son of a bitch, You better get down on your knees and pray I never find you, Because if I do, mark my words, I will gut you, bow to stern, He promised to kill Mr. Geary, and then he kept that promise. A man like the defendant should not be out in society. I concur. Bail denied. Who would that be? Only one person. Michael, it's me. Listen, this phone rang last night and I went to answer it, but I couldn't hear anything. And I wonder if maybe it was you. I don't know what I should do, if I should leave a message,,, ,,, or who might be listening, I need to know that you're okay. I need you to know that I'm not. I didn't leave you in Gila. Something happened to me and I don't I don't know what to do. I'm not too sure where to go ,,, but I know that you're the only person I can trust, and I need you to,,,, I need you to be okay, and And I need you. Please. Stand by to receive Border Patrol transport, Incoming prisoners. Stand by. Yes, sir. Alexander Mahone, Bureau. These are my prisoners, and I will be personally escorting them in their transfer vehicle. - You can follow in a chase car. I don't believe you heard me. I'll be accompanying them in their tran The only people allowed in the van are the driver and two guards who've been trained and certified in prisoner transport. Are you really gonna make me go over your head? I'll even dial the phone for you. This is standard procedure, Agent Mahone. We need to keep that environment as controllable as possible. The more bodies, the less control. These men may have knowledge of the location of the other escapees. This is knowledge that I I need to do my job. And my job is to ensure the safe and successful transfer of these two prisoners. The chase vehicles are right outside. We're coming to you live from the Border Patrol facility,,, ,,, in Alamogordo, New Mexico, where Lincoln Burrows,,, ,,, and Michael Scofield are being transferred There better be a good reason why those brothers are alive. Bad day, Bill? Sorry, I thought this was someone who still existed. How's the jerky business, Owen? - It's looking good right about now. You call this number again, you're a dead man. You don't kill Burrows and scofield today, so are you. You know it and I know it, and luckily for you, I know how to save your ass, The brothers are already being transferred. You're too late. Actually, the transport van is exactly where you want them to be, Bill. Why? - Why? You want my help, Bill? I want my job back. That means direct access to the president, I report only to her, - You're reaching, Paul. Goodbye. Don't shut me out, Bill, You think Burrows and Scofield,,, ,,, are a threat to this administration? I know everything,,, ,,, caroline Reynolds has ever done, Everything, Now, before you panic, all I am asking is to be allowed to finish the job that I started. To prove to the president and to you,,, that I am still an asset to this administration. What's your plan? I have an old associate in the Illinois DOc, They're heading up the transfer, It's gonna take more than one guy on the inside, Not if the guy's in the right place, Bill, you give me the go-ahead on this and those brothers get in the van it'll be the last thing they ever do. I have never done that before. Then I guess we was making up for some lost time. I have to ask, sam, are you married or something? Me? No. What makes you think? - Come on. I may be plain, but I'm not a fool. Usually, the men I end up with are just looking for something, you know on the side. Denise, the only side I'm interested in is the inside. And that place within you is not plain. I have to get back to work. - Do you really? I have to close tonight. How about I pick you up after? We can have dinner. Are you sure? - Denise. I insist. Yeah? - Good news, You're off the hook, Paul Kellerman has a team ready to move on the caravan just outside of Albuquerque. Okay, so where does that leave us? When it goes down, there's sure to be a moment or two of chaos, A certain amount of confusión, lots of bullets flying I need you there to make sure Paul Kellerman catches one. A little early to be covering your tracks, isn't it? The escapees, that was our deal. That's all, - Right. Our deal. Refresh my memory. Was our deal supposed to end with Burrows and scofield going back to prison, or bleeding from a hole in their heads? We're giving you a chance to make this right, Alex. Just let Kellerman take care of it. Let him be our oswald. And that makes me your Jack Ruby. Jack Ruby was working alone, You've got the support of the United States government behind you, Alex, Good luck in Albuquerque. I promise, sir, this'll all be over shortly. And it'll be back to business as usual. Do you regret it? - What? Knowing what you know now, do you regret helping me? You'd have done the same thing for me. You think? - I know. You didn't answer the question. I don't regret the act. Just how it turned out. We've got a premeditated murder on our hands. You wanted to steal money then kill the witness. Are you my attorney or theirs? I told you, I didn't do anything. No, I'm just explaining their theory of what happened. Your explanation to the cops that you didn't kill Geary because you were too busy trying to steal 5 million in federally insured money? Probably not the best move. But there is good news. - What's that? The DA is willing to offer a deal. Twenty-five years. - No. Brad, they'll drop the capital charge. No death penalty. No! I'll be almost 65 when I get out. - But you'd get out. If this case goes to trial, there's an excellent chance you're sentenced to death. Now, I've been doing this a while, and I can tell you. These things never go down good. When the system wants you, they get you, one way or another. Part of the deal's gotta be I do my time in Illinois. So I can be near my mom. Where are they taking us? Another foster home. I don't wanna go. I liked it there. I know you did. It's because of you, the reason they're making us move? Because you were getting in trouble again? - Yeah, and I'm sorry. Seems like I've been dragging you in trouble my whole life. Pulled me out of some too. Yeah. Yeah? - Alex, Paul Kellerman. Have you spoken with Bill Kim? - Yeah, Yeah, he filled me in. You're staging in Albuquerque. Listen, me jumping in at this point. It in no way reflects my feelings about the job you've been doing. I just wanted you to know that, of course. So long as we get the job done. We all get to go back to our families, right? The sooner the better. So, what do I need to know? As we first reported last night, after nine days on the run,,, ,,, fugitives Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield,,, ,,, two of the masterminds behind the desperate Fox River Eight escape,,, ,,, were apprehended by Border Patrol officials near the Mexican border,,, ,,, and are being transferred back to Fox River Penitentiary today, Officials say Burrows, who was scheduled to die,,, ,,, for the murder of Reynolds' brother, Terrence Steadman,,, ,,, could have his execution date rescheduled for as early as late next week, With the number of felonies the pair now face,,, ,,, Burrows' brother, Michael Scofield What's going on? - Let me go check. What do you see? - I'll let you know. How much time is it gonna take to move this? I've got my men working on it now. What's going on up there? - Are you in a hurry? Hey, we need some help getting this rig out of the road. Linc. Come on. All right, let's say we get the cuffs off. Where do we go? There. - That's too easy. Come on. Come on, Michael, take it. Come on. Come on. Take it. Take it and run. Let's think about this. The keys are accidentally left out. The door is accidentally left open. It's our only shot. - It's their only shot. They don't have an excuse unless we give it to them. How we doing? - Nothing so far, None? - They're talking, that's all. They haven't bitten in five minutes, you pull the semi, you tell them it's fixed. You release traffic. - And do what? You want the rabbit to hop, move the carrot, Alex. You showed. A gentleman always does. Where are we going to eat? Wherever your heart desires. You know, there's just one teensy-tiny thing I've been meaning to ask. Anything. You know, forwarding addresses are supposed to be confidential. I really shouldn't be doing this. Well, you shouldn't have been doing a lot of things we did this afternoon but neither of us has been "smited" down yet. There she is. I'd imagine your cousin'll be pretty surprised to hear about the money her uncle left her. You can be certain of it. Sam, I hope you don't mind me asking, but Your hand what happened to it? I'm sorry. I didn't wanna make you feel uncomfortable or nothing. I just I wanna know you. I wanna know everything about you and if this is a part of who you are, then I want to know how it oh, dear God. I really wish you hadn't seen that. Here's what I'm thinking. You and some of the boys get yourself transferred to ad seg. We can spend our days playing scrabble and watching Sportscenter. Look, captain - Then in a year and half you recommend me for those work-release programs. I can sweat off the rest of my time heaving hay and getting sun. That's why - It ain't freedom, but it's close. Is that why you requested to be sent here? Oh, I go anywhere else as a former C.o., I'm a dead man. Here, I got men to watch my back, get me the finest accommodations They're not putting you in ad seg. - I don't care where they're putting me take me to ad seg. - It's not like it used to be. C.o.'s don't run the game anymore. - What do you mean? This new warden. He's cracking down to prove he's serious about showing preferential treatment. He's making an example out of you. Lou, what the hell is this? Gen pop. Welcome home, boss. Okay, everybody, we're moving out. Window's closing, Michael, once the truck moves If we run now, we give them permissión to put a bullet in our heads. We stay, I'm dead within the week. You're locked up for life. Or until they find a way to get to you, and believe me they will. If we go to prison, we'll have a few days. We'll have a chance to contact sara. We don't know where sara is. Sara may be dead, Michael. Let me get us out of here the only way I know how. Fighting? - Yeah. Get the keys. Here we go. Here we go. - Copy that. All right, we're on. Heads up, Hold traffic, Hold all traffic. Okay. We have no idea what's behind that door. Nope. You ready? - No. You? No. Let's go. Get it open. Kick it open. Go. All men to the tunnel! Just pray there's another way out of here. This way. Yeah, they're in, and they're heading straight for you. Armed? - No, Where are you? I'll back you up. - Keep moving, As long as they're running from you, they're running towards me. They are boxed in. Yeah. Oh, hold on one sec. Could I write a check for the food, because I don't have Hello, Mrs. Hollander. They say a good woman is hard to find. Well, if that's true, you must be very, very very good. Don't be frightened. Teddy's home. This way. They're improvising, heading toward the surface. Where to? - I don't know. Look, if something happens to us if we get separated, if one of us doesn't make it, promise you'll find sara. We're gonna make it. - Just promise me. I promise. Come on. President Reynolds ruined your life. She ruined my life. If you wanna take the bitch down, you just found your inside man but it's gotta be right now. Let's go! Now!   
                
