Panama



                    			Previously on "Prison Break": I want a presidential pardon for me and my brother. Tell me what's going on, I can take care of you. All I need you to do is tell me exactly what Agent Mahone told you. I have a job to do, a job that I'm being made to do. Pick up the ph Wait. Stay right where you are. Hey. I know where you can get it. Five million dollars. Where is it? - I could take you there if you don't have to take me to the states, turn me in. Three tickets. One cabin, one-way. - Nice. Sir, in just a few minutes the president is going to announce a pardon for Burrows and scofield. I regret to inform you, I am stepping down as president of the United states. There's only one thing we can do. We gotta disappear. Forever. E. STAMMEL Very heavy. What have you got in there? About 75 pounds of none-of-your-business, Pedro. For your troubles. Go, go, go! T- Bag, T-Bag. T- Bag, please, I need that money. Andale, you son of a bitch. - Please, please. I'm begging you. Please. Please. No. What time does the ship leave? Ten minutes. I can't believe we're running again. It's different now, man. - You think so? Yeah. We brought the bitch down. She stepped down, Linc. - Because of us. And yet you're still wanted for murder. When you came to Fox River, remember what you said? You said, "I'm gonna break you out of here." I'm alive. You did that. You wanna look for the good, you look there. Come on, let's just finish what you started. Continuing with our top story, caroline Reynolds made the announcement,,, ,,, just a short while ago that she is stepping down,,, ,,, as president of the United States, We'll be bringing you more information Hello? - Hey, are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. I just heard about the president. What does it mean? It means it's time to go. Okay. When? Ten minutes. How far away are you? - Five. Listen, sara, Linc and I are on the ship. This is it. There's no turning back now, so I know it's not what you wanted from your life but in case you're interested, there is room for one more. Michael scofield, you asking me to sail off into the sunset with you? Well, it's more of a freighter, but yes. I'll be there. I'll see you soon. She's heading west on Leadwell. All right. Stay on her. I'll be right there. What the hell's this? I tried, boss. You saw how he just took off. The only thing I'm seeing is an escaped con who's begging to be taken norte, okay. Okay, look. Maybe we could call the cab company and find out where T-Bag was dropped off. Yeah, now you're talking. I saw some phones What's it gonna take for you to forget you ever found us? There ain't enough pesos in TJ. Are you sure about that? - Go ahead, shoot. But it might not be the best idea seeing as how I'm the only one who knows where your chiquita's tied up. Where is Maricruz? If I tell you, I'm as good as dead. Of course, if you shoot, so is she. You're bluffing. - Am I? Let me tell you in words you might be more familiar with. She's in the hole. Enough food and water to last about three weeks. Any longer than that, your sweet little plum's gonna dry up like a raisin. Lf anything happens to her, so help me - Help you? The way I see it, it's you who's gotta help me. You ain't getting your hands on that girl till I get my hands on that money. Guess that makes us partners. Clear the dock of any obstructions. Here we go. She's not here. Yeah? Sara, what's the matter? The ship is leaving. Michael - What's wrong? Sara? I'm already onboard. I'm sorry, I must've just missed you. Where are you? We're on deck. - Great. I'm on my way up. Love you. We good? Yeah. You have the right to remain silent. Son of a bitch. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney one will be provided for you. Where is he? I don't know. - No more games, sara. You were on your way to see him. - No, I wasn't. You were just compelled to flee the custody of a federal agent? All lines astern are loose, Prepare for cast off, I couldn't find her. Sara. We gotta go back. There's nothing you can do. - Always something we can do. Not this time. Not this time. It's done. I'm sorry. Scofield or prison? - I just wanted a doughnut. Get her a doughnut. Can we get her one? Get her a doughnut. Get her a dozen doughnuts. Lock her up. May, May, May, New Mexico. Don't, don't, don't Where the hell did you go, Michael? So where the hell is Mahone? I don't know. He's been MIA for the last week or so. You think he knows I've been barking up one of his trees? Mr. Franklin, good afternoon. This is Richard sullins, director of internal affairs at the FBI. Which means whenever one of our people does something wrong it's my job to make it right. How right are we talking about? Well, let's be clear. You are a convicted felon. You broke out of a state penitentiary. I can only do so much. Well, there's only so much I can say. Now, I'm sorry if I seem a little bit skeptical but the last time a federal agent came up in here offering me a deal there was a string attached that I was supposed to put around my neck. I've been authorized to offer you a reduced sentence in exchange for your testimony against Agent Mahone. Instead of 18 years, you get 18 months. Eighteen months? Hey, you know what? That man tried to kill me. So as soon as he finds out that I'm singing I probably won't even last 18 days. Mr. Franklin - He threatened my family. Now, I need to be out there protecting them. So until you can offer me something like that, I'm not testifying to a damn thing. Guard. Free man. You and your family. Witness protection, fresh start. Clean record? - Spick-and-span. You put that in writing and you got yourself a witness. Sir? I knocked, but You okay? What does that look like to you? There, right there. It's a triangle. - Yeah, I thought so too. How about this? Right there. It's the mathematical symbol for pi. Three-point-one-four. I'm thinking date, area code. Three-one-four, that's Missouri. So you think scofield's there? I doubt it. How's your Greek alphabet, Agent Lang? I don't know. I guess it's What if I told you that triangle was a delta? And that this This here was not the symbol pi, but the letter. I didn't see those in the photos of the tattoos. They weren't. We pulled these from his original sketches. They're off the hard drive. Scofield numbered the steps of his escape. That's how he kept everything in order. But it looks like that he didn't use numbers, that he used letters, like The sketch of this tattoo. Allen schweitzer. Marked with an alpha, first letter of the Greek alphabet. First step in his plan. Epsilon, fifth letter of the Greek alphabet. Fifth step in his plan. Here's theta, kappa. How about that? Tau. Be at the border, right? Getting closer to the end. You with me? - So you think His omega. The last letter of the Greek alphabet - Is the last step of his plan. What is that? Christ in a flower? Rose. - And these numbers, 617. Could be biblical. Chapter six, verse 17. Six-one-seven, 617. June 17th. Oh, what's today? - Fifteenth. So whatever his last step is - It's gonna happen in two days. What's he saying? - Nothing, the same as the rest. Maybe he don't comprende, What's spanish for INs? Don't be stupid. We're in Mexico. You're the illegal one here. It doesn't mean he ain't got family up north trying to clean their way to a green card. He knows what I'm talking about. Oh, you are too good to me, suzy-Q. Just how I like it. How did I get so lucky? Oh, no, Teddy Bear. I'm the lucky one. The day I met you was the day I was born. We're out of time. - No, susan. We got our whole lives together. No, I mean the hour is up. I'll take care of you plenty, okay? It's just, we're rolling here, so let's, you know, get back. How's the What's cooking, good-Iooking? I would really feel better if you paid me up-front. I told you up-front that if you did this right, I would take care of you, so You paid me for an hour. The hour's up. If you want me to stay, I need more money. Great. Great, you ruined it. Thanks. You know, for a second, I was like, "This chick has a brain in her head." Then, if you did, you wouldn't be a street whore, right? You know, I don't know who this suzy-Q bitch is but no wonder she wants nothing to do with you. You didn't just call her a bitch, did you? Okay. I'm going to count to three. And if you don't put your arm down, I'm going to scream. One. Two We made it. Not yet. First, there's someone we need to see. Okay, who's got what? Christ as a rose. It's a common theme that runs through the Bible. Martin Luther adopted it, his coat of arms. And there's a belief that Christ rose from the dead. And since this is scofield's final step, a new life, could be something there. You, keep track of this on the board. On the board. Where's Wheeler? - Here we go. Harmonists. First settlers of New Harmony, Indiana. Used a golden rose as their symbol for Christ. That's a reach. - There's a flower called the Christmas rose. Wasn't Christ Rose the German code name for the counterattack by the Nazis that led to the Battle of the Bulge? Where was that? Ardennes Forest. On the Belgium-Germany border. Not a bad place to hide, if they can find it. So you gonna look into that? Yeah. - All right, what else? Christ potentially rose from the dead on Easter. Easter sunday? - Easter seals? Who's got scofield's file? Here we go. Christ in a rose. Yeah, what about it? - Scofield's mother's name. "Christina Rose" scofield. But I thought she was dead. Well, so did I. So did I. First thing that scofield did when they broke out of Fox River is pick up supplies that he had stashed in a grave. I want you to find out where scofield's mother's buried. And what? And see if she's buried. - Yes, sir. What about Panama? - What about Panama? We found his hard drive. It was full of information about Panama in particular. Which he knows you have. Guy's got all kinds of hubris. But he's smart enough to stay out of a country where he knows you'll be waiting. Unless there's something there that he needs. Or someone. I want a map of Panama. And find out if scofield's mom, Christina Rose has any family in Central America, any property, anything. Last time I was in a bus like this I was heading to Fox River. Man, this country's amazing. It's beautiful. What's that smell, man? - Bananas and sugar cane. It's Panama's biggest exports. Come on, man. You've been talking about Panama and bumpy bus rides ever since we broke out. And now we're actually doing it - she should've been here with us. We got all the time in the worid for that. Someplace down the track, you and sara - Can we just get there, please? Sure. So far, no hits on any connection between scofield's mother and Panama. But there are 38 listings of Christina Rose in various combinations of first name, middle name and last name. All right, cross-reference the names with the number 617 from the tattoo. Maybe it's not a date. See if it's an address. Got it. - Lf anybody pops, call the embassy. Have them send an officer to pick up the woman for questioning. I don't think we can just arrest a foreign citizen without Patriot Act. I could arrest your grandmother for missing a stitch in her macrame. If anybody's helping scofield, dead or alive, I wanna know who they are. That her? Yeah. Hola, Mrs. Vasquez. You are late. It's much later than the date you said. Well, we ran into a little bit of trouble. Who is this? It's a business associate. Christina Rose. I remember. You will find her here. I'll meet you outside. I forgot to ask something. All right. Do you have a phone I could use? Yes, I need an international operator, please. United states. It's 312-346 What are you doing? - Making a phone call. You can't. We don't even know if she's alive. If sara's in custody, they got her phone. You wanna get caught? Yeah? - Three things I hate, Alex. Traffic, hockey, and calling you with the same question over and over. Then don't call me anymore. But I believe the brothers are in Panama. Is that so? - The key to where is on scofield's tattoos. While I'm thrilled you've narrowed it down to a country that's not why we're talking. Benjamin Miles Franklin is alive. I'm aware of that, yeah. And being released from custody. Not possible. They would need permissión from my office. Good to know you're on top of things. Find me Agent Wheeler. He'll see you now. Forgive me for asking, sir, but couldn't we be doing this in my office? It'd be much more comfortable. I felt we needed to speak freely. For the next several hours, this is what those in the intelligence community refer to as a blind spot. Something to do with the position of the sun, I'm told. Disrupts long-distance recording devices. If I may apologize again, sir for the unfortunate outcome with the president. I know how important she was to our interests. I assure you that moving forward You won't be moving anywhere until you can explain to me how this happened. The brothers. They're making it - still alive? Yes. It appears they were able to flee the country. To where? Mr. Mahone seems to believe they're in Panama. Does our Mr., Mahone know where exactly in Panama they are? Not yet. Why? How much do you know about sona, Mr. Kim? Only what I've been given clearance on. Perhaps what our situation requires is a change in strategy. How long till the court approves the arrest warrant? Any time now, Just waiting for the indictment to come down, okay. Well, I've got a question for you. What if he's in there? I can't keep avoiding him. He reads people. That's what he does. If he finds out I'm involved, I'm gonna need protection from Wheeler, relax. Take a breath. The only thing Mahone can read is what you write for him. Can you act normal? That's all you have to do, We don't want him to get spooked and take off, This is all gonna be over soon, All right. Thank you. No. Thank you. Wheeler. Where you been? I gotta do this. What are you doing, Alex? I'm not wearing a wire. You gonna tell me what's going on here? - In old England the punishment for a traitorous act was beheading. Following the execution, they would hold up the severed head by the hair. Not for the crowd to see the head, but for the head to see the crowd because consciousness sticks around for another eight seconds. Idea was that it would give the traitor one more chance to take You don't wanna do this, okay? Just take a moment If you're gonna stab me in the back, Agent Wheeler be smart enough to cover up the knife. You go and visit Franklin three times this week. Called sullins, what, twice a day? Didn't you learn anything working for me? You gotta cover your tracks, unless you Unless you wanna get caught. You wanted me to know it was you. You're a killer, Alex. - Is that so? Soil samples from your yard in connection with the disappearance of oscar shales. Forensics is prepared to submit a report detailing the irregularities in the shooting of David "Tweener" Apolskis. There's your blatant disregard for protocol in the death of John Abruzzi And the escaped con who says that I told him to kill himself, I know. You think his testimony is gonna send you to the Promised Land? You can erase me too. But it's not gonna erase the very real fact that you're gonna spend the rest of your life in prison. You know You remind me of myself when I was a young agent. What? I wish I could take that as a compliment. That's some real fine work, Wheeler. Good job, though. Don't you let anyone scare you into doing the wrong thing. Let me take you in. Whatever mess you're in, we can clean it up. There's only one way to clean this. One way. Hey, you got a visitor. Yeah, who? - I don't know. I was just instructed to bring you. Hey, look, I ain't going nowhere until you tell me who it is I'm meeting, all right? You guys, just stop it. Listen to me for a second. That's all you gotta do, go out and check. Look, the guy's kind of tall, okay? It's the least that you can do, huh? What the? - Daddy. Oh, my God. Come here. Daddy loves you so much. So is it real? He says you're gonna go free, that we don't have to run anymore. I mean, what happened? What changed? - Hey, hey, hey. Now, don't you worry about it. You just know that your man handles things. Ain't that right? That's right. Okay. I don't believe it, but okay. Benjamin, if I could just have a quick word. Yeah. Hey Why don't you go down the hall for just a quick second, okay? I'll be right there. - Okay. Here it is. New address, new identities. The prosecutor's gonna be in touch to go over your testimony. So you just make sure you show up where he says and when he says. Yeah, okay, okay. But I'm a free man, right? Free man. Oh, wait a minute. What about Mahone, you know? I don't wanna be looking over my shoulder for the rest of my life. You let me worry about Mahone. You just worry about staying out of trouble. Hey, you ain't gonna have a problem with that. Trust me. Don't screw it up. How much further? Not far. You know, for what it's worth, no one forced sara to do what she did. Whatever gets you through the night. What the hell does that mean? I didn't ask you to use her. It's not that simple. Whatever gets you through the night. - You know what amazes me, Linc? Nothing ever registers with you. Ever. It just rolls right off your back, doesn't it? We ruin sara's life and it's like you don't even care. Is that what you think? - We're here, and sara's back in prison. Does that seem fair? - None of it's fair. Don't make this about boy loses girl. - Who should it be about? Westmoreland? Tweener? L. J? - Let me stop you there. Remember the name of the guard murdered because of the riot I started? Shut up. - Do you even remember his name? Shut up. - Bet you remember Veronica's, don't you? Mention her name again, I swear to God! - What about T-Bag? He's out there now because of us. You and me. Every life he takes, that's blood on our hands. And for what? I didn't ask you to do what you did. They were gonna kill you, Linc. Well, maybe you should've let them. Take that back. As bad as I feel about sara, she had a choice. Veronica didn't. I listened to her die, Michael. I listened to her die, and there was nothing I could do. Nothing. We've lost so much, man. We can't afford to lose each other. We just can't. Going somewhere, Alex? I don't know. Am I? Come on. You know I don't like to get my hands dirty. It's surprising the things a man will do when properly motivated. Wasn't it you who told me that? You know, I would kill you right now if I thought it would give me an ounce of peace. And what would give you peace? I've been able to hold it together through all this because there was a light at the end of the tunnel. A life at the end of the tunnel for me, for my family. And now what? Do you see my son? Do you see my wife? What have I got? What have you given me? What if I was to tell you that there was something that could turn that light back on? What would you say? I'd say that's the same offer you made when you dragged me into this. And look where it's got me now. They're gonna drag me before the public. They're gonna prosecute me like some kind of murderer. There's evidence, really hard, tangible evidence that you can't take away. You're right. But I can help you get away. And at this point, I don't think you've got any other options. Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell was apprehended in Mexico. Oh, let me guess, you want him dead. Oh, no. There's been a change in strategy. We're gonna need him alive. I'm talking about a very real finish line here, Alex. You've come so far. How much further would I have to go? Well, you're lucky. For this, you only have to go to Panama. I'm trying to remember the last time our lives made any kind of sense. Before Mom died, when it was just the three of us. Well, there she is. Hello, Lang. What's going on? I mean, there's suits here going through your office. I'll explain later. All right. Did you get the fax? - No, why? What do you got? Information on christina Rose you might find interesting, Looks like she was commissioned about four months before scofield robbed that bank by a builder in Panama named Amparo Vasquez. Son of a bitch. She's beautiful. Yeah, she's not the real thing, but so where to, man? Anywhere we want. So is it really over? Yeah. Yeah, baby, it's really over. Okay. What is it, baby? Nothing. Let's go home. Okay, so we checked the train station in Malinalco, the bus depot in Puebla and just about every hotel there is. Hello. Hey, hey, hey, slow down, sancho. For you. That was the guy from the tourism bureau. He found him. Where? An E. Stammel just boarded a plane to Panama City. What the hell's he doing in Panama? Speak English? Say, "Good morning, Teddy." Good morning, Teddy. So then actually, no, you don't speak English. Habla any ingles around here? Say, "Good morning, Teddy." Good morning, Teddy. Say, "Good morning, Teddy Bear." Good morning, Teddy Bear. You like wigs? For the right money, I like anything. There's nothing. Nothing online about sara's arrest. Maybe they're keeping it quiet. What about the message board? The Gold Finch thing. Just something from C-Note, and there is a message from sucre. Still running, huh? What? Sucre says T-Bag's here, in Panama. How the hell did he know? I don't know. He says, "The Bag still has the bag. He's in Panama City at the Fin Del Camino Hotel. If you're there and want to help put that bird back in the cage, let me know. Sucre." What is that son of a bitch doing in Panama? We gotta go after him. - Just let it be. We don't need the money. - It's not about the money, Linc. Whatever good we do from here on out doesn't matter as long as T-Bag's out there. Michael, we made it. All we - Much has gone wrong. If we could just if we could just make this right. Panama City is only an hour away. And now we know where he's staying. Call the police. There's a reason I chose Panama. There's no extradition laws. They're not gonna touch him. So, what are you gonna do? I'll figure something out. Figure it out? You don't take a piss without a plan, man. Come on. Look, I never think, and look where it got me. Yeah, in Panama with a boatload of booze. You got me that. I got me a death sentence. Look, let's just get out to sea, think things through. When the time's right, we make it right. Okay? Trans-Panamanian Airlines flight 271 to Panama,,, ,,, now boarding all first-class passengers, Again, we're boarding for Panama city, see you soon. Home, sweet home. I got the booze, but the limes are shot. Michael? Michael! Michael.   
                
