Fin Del Camino



                    			Previously on "Prison Break": So where to, man? Anywhere we want. I'm not the brother you remember. I've changed. And I am gonna do something a lot of people are gonna think is horrible. And you just remember the brother you grew up with, she's not here. Yeah? - Sara, the ship is leaving. I'm already onboard. Love you, Why are you telling me this now? If I had to do it all over again I'd do it different, you know. Collarbone and rotator cuff. Six inches to the right and you're dead. You've come so far. - How much further would I have to go? You're lucky. For this, you only have to go to Panama. He found him. - Where? Just boarded a plane to Panama City. - What's he doing in Panama? You like wigs? - For the right money, I like anything. What about the message board? The Goldfinch thing? There is a message from sucre. - Still running, huh? He says, "The Bag still has the bag. He's in Panama City at the Fin Del Camino Hotel. If you're there and wanna help put that bird in the cage let me know. Sucre." - See you soon. Michael! Michael! Michael! Scofield, one thing's for sure, You're just as pretty as advertised, Prettier even, - You've gotta help me. Please. I'm coming for you, Are you ready? No. I'm coming for you,,,, say a word and I will cut your throat out, you old whore. Scofield. Hello, - Pam, it's me. Cam's napping, - Yeah? How's he doing? Good, It was his first day back in school, That's great. - Where are you? I'm out of the country. Is everything all right? Remember how I always said that the day would come and I'd be done? Leave the Bureau and never look back? - Yes, Today's that day. I have one more thing to do. And once I do it everything is gonna fall into place and I'll be done. Well, I hope you mean it, - Pam. If I didn't have this job anymore, or if I were free If I were free Alex, - I need to know. I'm not saying no, I will make this right, I swear to God. And you and me and Cam I have to go, I've never stopped loving you, Pam. Ever. - Just be safe, Alex, You in position? - Yeah, I'll be there in 10 minutes, - Got it. Michael. What's wrong? Que pasa, scofield? Come on, move it. I love it. Mr. Above-It-All down here trying to sniff out that 5 million just like the rest of us riff-raff. See, you ain't no better than me. I want T-Bag locked up. That's the only reason I'm here. Oh, Dudley freaking Do-Right, huh? I didn't know you were here. - What are you talking about? You e-mailed me, said T-Bag was here. It's on the website. What? No. I didn't write anything on no website. To you or anybody else. Is T-Bag in that hotel? Yeah, and a couple of feds staking it out across the street. You're gonna help us get it. - Maybe you missed the part about the feds. I don't care. I didn't travel 2000 miles down the Diarrhea Trail to get to this backward-ass country to not get my 5 million. Well, that's too bad. This is looking more and more like a setup. Well, then, get that little college boy brain of yours to work, then. And if you don't think I'm serious, just ask your old cellie here what length I'll go to. He's got Maricruz locked away somewhere. Either I help him get the money, or she's dead. Yeah, I'm a big jerk, scofield. Shame on me. Michael, I'm in no position to ask you for anything. I need your help, papi, I do. Are you in, or what? Get the gun off me. - I asked you a question. I said get the gun off me, or I walk. All right, you'll get your 5 million you get Maricruz and I get T-Bag. Win-win-win. - But you gotta do exactly what I say. Thank you, bro. All right, Einstein. What you thinking? And it's the third day of testimony in the trial of Dr., Sara Tancredi,,, ,,, daughter of the late Governor Frank Tancredi, So far, pundits feel the prosecution is well on its way,,, ,,, to meeting its burden of proof and getting a conviction on all counts, Defense counsel, you may proceed. Your Honor, at this time, I ask that this tape be marked Defense Exhibit D. Objection. Your Honor, this tape is the very propaganda that Michael scofield and Lincoln Burrows released to the media that was summarily debunked. The jury still has a right to hear it. - The tape is hearsay. Unavailable Witness Exception. The witness is only unavailable because he's a fugitive on the run. Be that as it may, his statement on this tape exonerates Dr. Tancredi. Your Honor The tape is allowed. The state's objection will be noted in the record. Much blame has been placed on another innocent person, Dr., Sara Tancredi, She had nothing to do with our escape, Sara, if you're listening, I know I can't ask you for another chance, I only hope by now, you've found your safe haven, The trial of the late Governor Tancredi's daughter, Dr., Sara Tancredi,,, ,,, continues today in cook county, Dr., Tancredi, whose medical license has been suspended,,, ,,, pending the outcome of the trial, is facing multiple counts, ranging I'm gonna kill him. - And go back to prison. I don't care. Once we get the money and he tells me where Maricruz is I'm gonna kill him. If you find Maricruz, you're gonna marry Maricruz and live happily ever after. Yeah, after I sink a knife in Bellick's chest. Bellick and T-Bag will get theirs, trust me. Didn't Fox River teach you anything? Because the same rules apply out here. It doesn't make a difference if you're guilty or innocent. It's who survives. - You're not that guy. That son of a bitch took my girl and locked her up. I am that guy now, Michael. Look at me. Only reason I'm not five miles away from here is because I wanna help you find Maricruz, not kill Bellick. And if that's your game, I'm gone. Believe me, I understand the impulse to pull the trigger. But if we lose ourselves, we lose everything. It's been a week. I don't know where she is. I'm scared. - We'll find her. We'll find her. What the hell is this? Attention, ladies and gentlemen, The fire alarm has been activated, Please proceed to the nearest exit in an orderly manner, You start acting like a cowboy, this whole thing's going south real fast. Remember that. Here we go. You're not gonna like how this ends, Lincoln. I'm giving you a chance right now. Just back away, all right? Just back away. - The son of a bitch who killed my dad? You're done. Those bullet holes don't heal too good, do they, Mahone? Toss me the handcuffs. Hand them over, or I swear to God, I'll blow your head clean off. Americans? Oh, thank God. You know where the Cathedral of Guadalupe is? Never heard of it. Supposed to meet my old lady half hour ago. That's great. - They say you can't miss it, but I missed it. I was wondering if you had a travel guide or something on you? Why don't you just keep on walking? Well, excuse me for thinking I could ask for a little help from some fellow Americans. Hey, listen, beat it. How we doing, gentlemen? All right, sucre, the gun. Come on. Get in the alley. It is a global problem. Forty-eight percent of North American lakes are eutrophic. It's 53 percent in Europe - Kristine. Yeah? - It's your brother, Paul. What? What's going on? Hello. He's in this building right here. We gotta move. Let's see your ID. Feds? No. If these guys were, they'd be after T-Bag. You guys Company? Come on, sucre. Let's wrap these numbnuts up. What are you guys doing here? What do you want? I don't like this. Something's up. Come on, sucre, let's move it. Now. Let's go, come on. Let's go, Michael. We know you're in here, Bagwell. Three to one. Do the math. Okay, okay. I don't want any trouble. Slide the gun over. We can work something out, boys. Slide the gun over. Where's the money? Who called the cops? You got three seconds, hillbilly. One In there. Get it. You want it, you get it. We don't have time for this, Bellick. Nothing stupid now. You're not playing games. Open it. Sucre, move your ass. Michael. It's a trap. Freeze, Bagwell. Get the money. You want the girl, get the money. Don't. Don't. We can work something out. Move. Sucre, come on. Theodore Bagwell. He's the one you want for that dead chick in there. Anybody speak English? I didn't do it. I swear to God I didn't do it. Please, please. We can do a little divvying right here. Then we'll go our separate ways. Sucre, I want you to get us a car. What's going on? What's the plan? I said get us a car. Looks like you made some friends lately. I don't follow. - That little setup back there. It's a little out of your league. Looked almost professional. Let's say that's the case. What's it worth to you to find out, huh? Because I am in possessión of some information that you might need, pretty. Okay, tell me what you know. Maybe I'll let you walk. Without the money. Yeah? - Yeah. You're gonna let me traipse on out of here. - Depends on the information. Who's pulling your strings? You know, I got a hunch you're speaking with a forked tongue, pretty. So I'm gonna tell you what. We go someplace public with a car waiting for me to leave and then Then I'll tell you. Deal? No. Oh, my God. Paul. That is only the second time a weapon has ever jammed on me. First time was during training for Gulf one. And as soon as it happened, the C.o., he got in my face, and he said: "Son, a weapon jam on the battlefield. You might as well call that suicide." Kristine, I've done things Damn. - I love you, Paul. Whatever it is that got you here. And there's a way out, believe me. My entire adult life I've followed orders. And I did terrible things because I thought they were right. And it turns out I did those things in the service of nothing. So that's what I'm left with. Nothing. You have me. Okay. And you have a clean slate. Anything, everything. It's available to you starting right now. - The things I've done, Kristine. Undo them. Paul, there's always a way. Maybe that gun jammed for a reason. Come here. Don't let your pride get in the way now, pretty. Save it. Locking me up ain't gonna help your situation none. I have information. What's the plan? - We're gonna take him to the embassy. We're gonna make sure he's deported. Then we'll go looking for Bellick, all right? Meanwhile, I want you to ride in the back with him. I'm telling you, you are being penny wise and pound foolish. Get in the car. Pound foolish, pound foolish, pound foolish. I'll tell her about the offer. Well? - Twelve years. No, no, the jury heard Michael's statement. They heard a convicted felon lie for a woman that he clearly cares for. He's got no credibility. Sara, we need to take a hard look at what they're offering. Due respect, Marty, we aren't going to prison, I am. They've made it clear that they want somebody to hang for this and unfortunately, you're the only one they've got in their grasp. There's no avoiding it. This is the plea agreement. We can walk you through it if you'd like. Twelve years? He ain't answering. I certainly hope your brother makes it back to that boat. And if he doesn't? You should see yourself. You look like you're hanging in there by a thread. I just want this over with. Then you should never have come down here. In case you hadn't noticed, me and my brother don't quit for no one. Thank God for that. Because it's guys accused of things like you were that keep guys like me in business. Kept guys like me in business, rather. It's gonna end bad for you, man. A couple of things in this worid I'm good at. One of them is looking into a man's eye and knowing when he's beat. How far to the embassy? - Just hang in there, buddy. And then what? - We're gonna turn him in. And how do we not get busted? - Before we get there, I'll pull over. We'll hogtie him with duct tape, then we'll dump him out and hit the road and I'll call the cops, tell them where we left him. How do we get to Bellick? - Don't worry, we'll find him. Y'all ain't getting within a mile of Bellick. - Nobody asked you. He's got a point though, Michael. Just keep the gun on him, okay? I mean, if Bellick's locked up, what good's the money gonna be to him? We'll fix it. - My girl's life's on the line here. Sucre, you better pull it together - oh, God. Maricruz. Easy, easy. Maricruz, Maricruz. - You're gonna be all right. Go get the money, please. Pressure. Pressure. What exactly is it that you want, pretty? I'm turning you in. Is that it, really? It ain't about the money? Because if it is, you can tell me. Ain't nobody here but us cons. You can walk or get dragged but it's up to you. No, see, when you had the gun on me, I afforded you a certain respect. But here, well, the scales are tipped back my way. So I'm gonna spell out the present options. Either we split this money and you can go get your legs tattooed, or whatever the hell it is that you want. Or they're gonna find your corpse over that chair with your pants down around your ankles because it's been a long time coming. Well, I got my answer. Whenever you're done yakking. Bring it, bitch. Who are you fooling? You ain't gonna kill me, Mr. Michelangelo. You ain't got it in you. So why don't we just let me All right. Okay, sara. Now, here's how the plea is going to go down. The judge is gonna need you to allocute to the charges. He's gonna ask you if you intentionally left the door open. You will say yes. - Right. And then he's gonna ask you: "Did you give support and comfort to Michael scofield and Lincoln Burrows since the escape?" You'll say yes. And then the sentence will be immediately handed down. The prosecution is asking that you do your time in a maximum security facility. I think the judge is going to agree to that. Okay. With good behavior how many years of my sentence can I expect to serve? On a 12-year sentence you'll do nine years. I'll be out before I'm 40. I'm sorry, sara. Sara, are you ready for this? What? A very credible witness has just come forward and he's willing to testify. He'll corroborate everything you've said about this conspiracy. Who? Linc? Linc? Do you speak English? - Si, senor. Yes, I do, Good, good. I need to get in contact with every hospital in the Panama City area. A friend of mine was A friend of mine was in a car accident. Sir? I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back. Linc? I'm sorry, Michael. - What's wrong? Hello, Michael. If you touch my brother, you're a dead man. Oh, please, You don't have to worry about that. But when it comes right down to it ,,, he's just like you, He has a heart that won't kill a man. Give me the handcuffs, or I swear to God, I'll blow your head clean off. What do you want, Alex? I'll tell you exactly what I want. But first things first. When the authorities captured Bagwell today the money was nowhere to be found. Now, I can only assume that you've got the money ,,, aboard the Christina Rose right now, It's an amazing plan. Take the money, take the boat and disappear forever. But you are not the only one that needs to disappear. Are you still there? - Yeah, I'm still here. Good, Because I'm gonna say this and I'm gonna say this once: Bring me the money, bring me the boat. You are out of your mind. Not really. We both have something the other person needs. It all comes down to this, Michael: Your brother for your plan, Five minutes. That's what you have.   
                
