Bolshoi Booze



                    			Previously on "Prison Break": There's one big difference between you and I, Michael. You can't kill. I will get you. This is in case you run into trouble down the road. Lincoln, he really wants to see you and your brother. He hasn't seen Michael since he was 10 years old. Let's go. Michael never met your grandfather. Dad. I got Burrows. - Take care of them. You think there's a part of you that enjoys this? It feels to me like chasing a high and I should know better by now. Sara? Hi, sara. Hey, what is this? It's for my blood pressure. Geary, come on. We can make a deal, man. - No deals. You just crapped out your last bargaining chip, pal. Ain't that the most beautiful thing you ever seen? This is the Tribune police. This is the Tribune police. Make yourself known. Code 4. All clear. Hey, you're in luck. I had a case in back. - Excellent. Fishing reel oil. And you want the whole case? Whole case. And the GPs? And the GPs. - Must do quite a bit of fishing. Yeah, a lot of fishing. Not a whole lot of catching. Ninety-six dollars and 23 cents. You know I'm just gonna take the reel oil. Thank you. - Thank you. Hey, you have to pay for that. Just take it. Please don't hurt me. Please. You have to pay for that, The vault. Open it. Come on, pretty, I wasn't going for me, I was going for my daughter, Give Emma her papa's love. I'm gonna cut your throat out. I loved you, Michael, but you just used me. Cops found your girlfriend, fish-belly white, gargling in her own puke. And what do you care? As long as she left the door open for you. I feel very fortunate to have met you, I'm sorry, Henry. It's corporate interests taking over buying elections, fighting wars. People dying so they can turn a profit. We're trying to stop it. - What are you, a bunch of spies? Just a handful of senators, congressmen. People like me that once worked for The Company. People willing to expose the president for what she is. A shill working for these corporations. We bring her down, we bring them down. What's it got to do with me? Because the way we'll bring her down is also what we're gonna use to set you free. About a week ago, we finally got a break. An NSA analyst sympathetic to our cause,,, ,,, finally worked his way up and got clearance into the Echelon program, E- mails, cell-phone calls all across this country, If it's transmitted, it goes through Echelon, It's cataloged, interpreted, and then stored for Homeland Security, Nothing is missed by them. Nothing. Including, by accident, for a few months after 9/11 ,,, the White House, The analyst got his hands on a phone conversation the president had,,, with Terrence steadman, two weeks after you supposedly killed him. The analyst tried to get this information out of the building, Excuse me. Could you come with us? We need to ask you a few questions, sir. Turns out someone else was snooping too, someone else wanted answers about the president. I'm convinced they're turning the Aldo and Lincoln wanna be left alone. - Sure, I understand. Twenty-four hours later, Tancredi is dead, the analyst is missing and the White House Echelon tapes have been deleted from the mainframe. The tape is still out there. And judging by how hard they're going after sara Tancredi I'm pretty sure they think she has it. And I think they're right. She's the key to this whole thing, Lincoln. L.J., come with me. I would imagine that you're feeling slightly betrayed right now. I understand. As you can see hi, my name is not Lance, and I'm not an addict. Okay. There's one thing about me that should mean a great deal to you right now and that is, I am reasonable. If you tell me what you know, you get to go. And then maybe, when this is all behind us we get to grab a piece of pie for old time's sake. Okay? Come here. I don't know where Michael is. This is not about Michael, this is about your father. He left Washington with something that didn't belong to him and we need it back. And you killed him for it. - I didn't. No, for what that's worth. But I hope that his death properly illustrates the magnitude of the situation that we're in right now. So where is it? I don't know what you're talking about. - Where is it? I don't know what you're talking about. - Where is it? I don't know what you're talking about. Sara, there's a next step involved in this and you don't want to experience that. I swear to God, I don't know what you're talking about. My father didn't give me anything. I don't know what you're talking about. Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. How long has it been since your last confessión? This is my first time in a long time. And what are the nature of your sins? The nature? I'm not really sure. Deep down inside your heart, you know. Righteousness, maybe. Believing the ends justify the means. And what are those ends? Saving someone's life. And the means? I've broken just about every law you can name. But it's not just what I've done. It's what others have done because I let them. Because I was doing what I thought was right. I should have known better this time. - This time? When I was a kid I watched a man bleed out and die. And I was glad because he deserved it. Life is only for God to give and take, my son. Suddenly, there was this dark space inside of me and I knew it was wrong. But here I am. - There is a way to stop this. Surrender your will to God. If I surrender now I lose everything I love. But do you lose your soul in the process? Well, we all have our crosses to bear. You okay? This is never gonna stop. They're gonna keep coming after us. Lincoln, don't. Is it done? - You are. Lincoln Burrows. - Your man's dead, Just like anyone else you send to take out my son. We want you. This isn't about L.J. There's a very simple way for all of this to end. I'll tell you how it'll end. Me staring into your dead eye with my hand around your throat. You don't even know who I am. How much further? Right here is good. Right. You got it. Thanks for the ride. - No problem. Agent Mahone. Bill Kim. I'm here to pick you up. I called Kellerman. He's busy right now. Does anyone else know you're here? - No. Good. - Can you open the gate? And I need a new vehicle. There's something you should know about me. I don't like being out in the field. I only do so when there's been a screwup. I'm out in the field, Alex. Why don't you open the gate and you can hurry back to D.C. Before your shoes get dirty? We have a lead as to where Burrows will meet with his brother. It's a place he referred to as Bolshoi Booze. That mean anything to you? Yeah, it's one of a hundred tattoos on scofield's body. What does it mean? - I don't know yet. You need to figure it out in the next couple of hours. If scofield and Burrows cross the border, they'll be out of your jurisdiction and you'll be of no further value to us. Open the gate. - So you can do what? I wanna hear it. Straight from the mouth of the guy who's supposed to be our closer. I'll get scofield and Burrows and all the rest of them. And then me and you and Kellerman we're gonna part ways. I just hope you're properly motivated. Because as long as you do your job, we forget about shales. And then you can go back to Colorado and visit your son, Cameron. He's 5, right? Don't you ever mention his name again. There he is. That's what I wanted to hear. Get cracking, Alex. A lot of people are relying on you. Jane will take care of it. You can trust her. I know this is hard, but it will work out. You have my word. Thank you. - Be careful. Listen I know. Jane's gonna look after you. I don't even know her. - She's all right. She's been working for Dad for a while. I'll I'll see you soon, I promise. Isn't that the same thing your dad told you? Yeah, but I mean it. Hey. Bo No. Hey, it's me. Just call me when you get this, okay? It's important. They're numbers. Is that my payment? Medical nitroglycerin? - As promised. You have no idea how hard it is to get this kind of grade. Even with my contacts. It's time for your end of the deal. Where's that plane gonna be? They call me a couple of hours before with the drop-off point. Keeps the DEA off our backs. So it's gonna be a while. You might wanna stay out of the sun. Hey, hey, hey. Hey. Is there a problem? They're just my cousins. Now, after your father accessed this information he made three calls from his cell phone, all to you. What did he tell you? Just that he was coming back to Chicago. Good. You're being honest. Good. Now, there's a half an hour between when your father landed and when he got home that is unaccounted for. I know you stopped by his office. You see him there? No. The last time I saw my father, he was dead in his study. He have anyone give you anything? You think I'm just withholding information because I like hanging out with you? If I knew something, I would tell you. I don't. I don't know anything about any of this. Really? Then why did you give your father the file on Lincoln Burrows? Why open the door for scofield, help him escape? Why did scofield send you those coded notes? Why did you come to New Mexico to meet him? Don't try to float a babe-in-the-woods routine by me. It's really gonna piss me off. So come on. Okay, come on. You're okay. All right. Look, sara we're gonna have to come to an understanding. You know that, right? Yeah, you were right, They are coordinates, Plug them into your GPs. It'll take you to a spot in the New Mexico desert. It's in the middle of nowhere, basically. All right, thanks. - Yeah, no problem, Sir, who are you meeting? What the hell is he doing? He's keeping us out of the loop, that's what he's doing. You know, constantly running from the law with a bad heart. Mexico, where I'm from, has got a lot of great things but health care ain't one of them. You all right? You look a little nervous. I don't do this every day. I just wanna get the information on that plane and move on. Is that it? - That's it. Because I know who you are. Oh, you don't have to worry. We can't go within a hundred feet of a federal marshal to collect the reward because we got U.s. And Mexican warrants on our head. But this plane to Panama sit down. This is all for your brother? - Yes. I got four brothers. Two in prison. Accept a call? Yes. But break them out? My brother gave me a baseball mitt for my 14th birthday. I owed him. You're a better man than I am. Time will tell. Shouldn't they have called by now about the plane? Yeah. But you know, I have a question. I thought that these came in glass vials not plastic. I thought so too. The guy I bought it from said he packed it in plastic for transportation over long distances to prevent a fire or an explosión. Really? I never heard of that. What's going on? We're gonna do a little quality-control test. It's the best available. We got time. For the last time, some black male, early 20s, jumped me from behind. Didn't get a good look at his face. Assailant attacked you from behind? - That's what I just said. Yet he managed to make contact on your forehead. That's right. - With what? A boomerang? Come on, why don't you tell me what happened? Look, I'm a retired correctional officer out of Illinois. How about showing some professional courtesy, honey? This is Roy Geary, Leave a message, You thieving son of a bitch. You better get down on your knees and pray to God that I don't find you. Because if I do, mark my words, I'm gonna gut you bow to stern. President Reynolds was in Tallahassee, Florida early this morning,,, ,,, attending a $5000-a-plate breakfast fundraiser,,, ,,, for Senator Martin Kleinhenz, who's running for reelection, Later this afternoon, her press conference was derailed,,, ,,, when a reporter asked her to comment on Lincoln Burrows' escape from custody, She declined, It's become clear in her first month in office,,, ,,, that she cannot separate herself from this manhunt, And as long as it continues,,, ,,, pundits say that questions about Burrows will Ladies. Let's get this party started. For the last 30 years, I've hated you. You walked out on me. You haven't even seen Michael. I've seen him before. Not in the papers, Dad. I've been trying to work out what kind of man abandons his family. Now I'm doing the same damn thing. You'll see him again. I'll make sure of it. How much further? - About three hours. It's gonna be a few minutes. - My brother should be here soon. I should go outside. Make sure he can see me. That's a good idea. I'm gonna send Ernesto to do that. Hello. Was that the call? Yes, it was. - About the plane? Sugar water. No, you just made a big mistake, blanquito, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, okay? I'm not a chemist. The guy I bought it from swore it was medical nitro. We both got screwed. - Yeah, but one of us is gonna pay for it. I just wanna get out of here, you want your payment. My brother's gonna be here soon we'll work something out. Just name your price. I already named my price. You didn't come through. When's your brother getting here? You were planning on turning us in the whole time, weren't you? When's he supposed to meet you here? Drop it or I'm gonna shoot him. - Let him go or I'll shoot you. Where is it? - My father didn't give me anything. Who are you risking your life for? Lincoln Burrows. A street thug. Why is that your concern? Is there somewhere in the Hippocratic oath where it says, "I pledge to risk my life for those who don't care about mine"? Because they don't care about yours. Burrows and Michael scofield, they just used you. Are you that surprised there are people in the worid who'll stand up to people like you? Are you that far gone? - That's cute. Sad, but cute. A Cleveland what? Don't worry, I'll talk you through it. And we got a glass coffee table right here. Hell no. - I'll do it for a thousand. Five hundred. One thousand. Seven-fifty. All right. What the hell? Leave. You know it's amazing what you can pick up at an Army-Navy store. All that torture stuff, that was Bellick's idea. And if you ask me, he took the whole thing way too far. Listen, why don't I just give you half the money and we call it a day, huh? All right, sixty-forty. Come on, T, we can deal. Where's the plane gonna land? Kiss my ass, cobarde, What are we gonna do? - I don't know. We won't get across the border on the ground. Without that plane, we're screwed. He's losing too much blood. He'll never make it. Should've thought of that before he tried to kill us. We gotta take him to the hospital or else he'll die. Please. The plane, and we'll let you go. Finley Road. Off Highway 8. There's an airstrip there. - There. Okay? Now, let us go. Okay, let's go. - No, no, no. Michael, let's go. - No, no, don't go. Please. - Michael, let's go. Please, help us. No, don't do this, huh? Don't do this. Don't do it. Please. Let's go. Michael, if we were bleeding, they would not lift a finger. You know that. He was gonna kill us. Let's go. - That's not true. Michael, we're gonna get to that plane, and we'll call when we're safe. Let's go now, please. - Please don't do this, okay? Don't do this! Don't do it, all right? Don't listen to him! Please. I care about you. This is not what I wanted, sara. Kellerman. What's going on with Sara? Has she told you anything? Don't go anywhere. Not yet. - I trust you've been persuasive, Yes, absolutely, - Then kill her. Well, if she knows something You disobey me, you are done. Do you understand me? Put her in the ground, Paul, Michael. Let's go. Michael. - Hold still. You're doing it wrong. Let's get out of here. He was gonna call the cops, get his buddies He's not gonna make it. We'll call when we get safe. Let's go. Michael, let's go! Thank you. Thank you. You gotta get him to a hospital right away. Wait, wait, wait. Hey, man, forget Finley Road. The plane's gonna stop at the 7-mile marker Route 4, at sunset. It's gonna stop for five minutes, then it's gonna go to oaxaca, Mexico. You miss it, you're out of luck. He bled out on the way over. - Any ID? Yeah, Roy Geary. Just an out-of-stater. You know him? - He's a friend of mine. Mr. Bellick? - Yeah. Would you mind answering a few more questions? Yeah. - It's Pam, What's going on? I just wanted to say hey. Well, are you all right? You said it was important. I know things got kind of ugly toward the You know, the end. I got ugly. But I want you to know that there were circumstances that,,,, It was better that you and Cameron That you were not with me. Why are you telling me this now? If I had to do it all over again I'd do it different, you know? We'd still be a family. I'd give anything for that, I just wanted you to know. - Alex,,, what's going on? - Nothing, I just wanted to call to say that I was That I'm sorry about everything. - Where are you right now? I can come get you, - Wouldn't that be nice, huh? No, I'm serious. Where are you? One more thing. Lf you hear anything in the media - What? What are you talking about? I love you. Give Cam a kiss for me, okay? Well, I'm glad I told you about this place. I'm glad I figured out how to work a GPs. Make it a little more difficult next time? I owe you one. - No, we're even. But we gotta leave. Linc. - Hey, buddy. How you doing? - Where's L. J? He's safe. The money? - I'll tell you later. We gotta go. I brought someone. Dad. We've met before. This is happening right now, okay? Don't make me do this. Don't make me do this. Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you. You wouldn't? Really? Are you that stupid? Are you that stupid? Because now you're going to die! You're going to die. And all you had to do was tell me what your father gave you. I know my options. I can not tell you and die or I can tell you and still die. No, wrong. Sara, come on. Smarten up for once in your life. Please. Go to hell. You know what? Drowning is horrific don't get me wrong, but once you give in and just let the water come into your lungs, there's a certain euphoria, I hear. I guess as a junkie, I thought maybe you'd appreciate that. You did this to yourself.   
                
