The Message



                    			Previously on "Prison Break": Yes. I'd like the number for Channel 11 News, please. Hang up the phone now. This is Michael scofield. I'm at the Cutback Motel, room 11. And I want to turn myself in. Where is that? It's Holland, where I grew up. You know that. It's beautiful. This message is for Maricruz. I'll be there in the airport. In Ixtapa, waiting for you. Hi. My name is sara, and I'm an addict. Hi, sara. I'm just looking to do my time. I don't want any trouble. Hey! Break it up, convicts. This isn't fun, what was fun was when Caroline and I talked about you and the schoolboy crush that you had on her. He proposed to her. Terrence! - Terrence! I'm leaving! Terrence, listen to me. Just listen, so many people have suffered because of this, because of you. But when the press get here, you can tell the truth. You can end this. Sorry. - Terrence, no! We interrupt this program for a special news bulletin, It's breaking news out of cutback, Montana, Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield,,, ,,, two of the prisoners who broke out of Fox River State Penitentiary in Illinois,,, ,,, have continued to elude the authorities, leaving a trail of crime in their wake, And today, they left behind something else, My name's Lincoln Burrows, and I'm innocent, We're done. - No other way out. Next time you hold a conference do it from a room with a back door. Just let me think. This is the Montana Highway Patrol, Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows,,, you need to exit with your hands in the air. This is a warning. - You got line of sight from there? Exit with your hands up. What about him? - Him? He's useless. Dead body? We got fingerprints everywhere. You worried someone will pin a murder on you? What's your plan? Leave the body, walk out the door? Yes. That's exactly what we're gonna do. Michael scofield and Lincoln Burrows, you need to exit with your hands up. FBI, hold your fire. - FBI? I have Burrows and scofield. - Start rolling. We're coming out. Hold your fire. Hold up, who are you? - Federal Bureau of Investigation. We're going to Billings. - Wait, let me see that ID again. Okay, okay. - Drop the gun! Everybody calm down and this won't get ugly. All right. I want keys to both of the cop cars, now! Don't do it! - Don't listen to him! Get the keys, get in the car. - What's going on? Getting out of here before anyone gets hurt. Lincoln, start it. Come on, come on! - This is your last chance. I'm not gonna tell you again. - One more step, and I drop him. Come on! Open my door. Welcome back. You feeling? - Much better. Update? - Okay, you got it. Yeah. You got a lead on something? One of the Co's from Fox River, Brad Bellick. Got locked up last night for the murder of another guard. Wait. We're looking for Co's now? What about the escapees? Scofield, Burrows? - Nothing on them currently. Also, Franklin's wife was taken into custody in North Dakota. His wife? Line two. This is Agent Mahone. How long ago? I'll make you a deal. You don't move a muscle, I won't blow your head off. No one's gonna hurt you, Greg. - Where are we going, Michael? We can't keep driving. Lost steadman. Sara's in the wind - Turn it up. ,,, murder of Terrence Steadman, President Reynolds' brother, The president could not be reached as she continues to tour the Midwest,,, ,,, shoring up support in key states, For entrepreneurs and orange growers, iron workers and artists,,, ,,, the American dream is alive and well for all of us, Reynolds travels to colorado today,,, ,,, for a scheduled appearance in Denver that Pull over. - What for? Just pull over. Get out. Over here. You want to drop off this kid? - Later. We should get rid of Kellerman too. We don't need him. Actually, we do. We still have assets. It's just a question of how we use them. Bradlee. Nurse. Nurse. You ain't no nurse. - You're right about that. That's a pretty shiner you got, captain. Make you think about the times you walked around here in your fancy guard outfit. Turning a blind eye to everything you saw that was wrong. "Who, me? Oh, I didn't see nothing." How's that blind eye feel now? You son of a bitch. - You get used to it. Hear old one-eyed Jack's gonna be getting screwed in the socket. Over my dead body. - No. A dead man can't feel a beatdown. And you got a lot more coming your way. Come on now. Let's go. It'll take the feds a while to figure that out. What time is it? A little after 9. - It's gonna be tight. Four hundred and fifty miles in six hours. What do you think? - Gotta move now. Eyes front. Hey, look at this. It's perfect, you ready? - Yep. Puerto Rico. Here, Larry, this is for you. What about this? What is this? This is too small. Why didn't it float? Why didn't it? I need more wood. Wood floats. This'll work. Hey, man. We were just wondering if you could buy us some beer. Yeah, sure. Can I get some food for my dog too? Do whatever thing you gotta do, man. You can keep a beer for yourself. Oh, no. My dad used to drink. You're gonna want to see this. We've shut down every freeway in central Montana. So far, no sign of them. - Go wider. Put troopers on 90 and 94, all the way through Wyoming. Call Whitefish. Have them lock down the Canadian border at 15. ,,, have continued to elude the authorities, leaving a trail of crime in their wake, And today, they left behind something else, My name's Lincoln Burrows, and I'm innocent, I escaped from Fox River Penitentiary,,, ,,, because I was sentenced to death for a crime I did not commit, I did not murder Terrence Steadman, He committed suicide last night in the cutback Motel,,, ,,,30 miles outside from his home in Blackfoot, Montana, He killed himself out of fear,,, ,,, fear of the people who've been hiding him for the past three years, The same people who want my brother dead, They don't want you to know who they are, but know this,,, ,,, they've stolen billions of dollars and murdered dozens of innocent people, And yet, they plaster our faces on the news, and tell you to be afraid, They are a group of multinationals, corporate interests, Together, they're known as The company, They are working with the highest levels of government,,, ,,, including the President of the United States, Damage control. - They've stolen billions of dollars, Before this hits page one. It's already airing, sir. - Start a wildfire in Florida! Find a storage unit full of Arabs! I do not care! As long as it's not about Lincoln Burrows! And they operate with impunity, - Go! Under the cover of the Secret Service, the very people meant to protect and serve, Calomatillo. Much blame has been placed,,, ,,, on another innocent person, Dr., Sara Tancredi, Do we know how long the videotape lasts? Twenty-six minutes, beginning to end. It's all online. I know I can't ask you for another chance, I can only hope that by now you've found your safe haven, start a transcript. I need every word. And I put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare, I wish I could do things differently, Call Montana. Send an agent to talk to the cameraman. I wanna know what he saw, heard, what they're wearing. Anything he can give us. - Yeah. One man, Special Agent Alexander Mahone, is responsible for multiple deaths, He murdered not only John Abruzzi and David Apolskis,,, ,,, but also the last fugitive he was assigned to chase, A man names Oscar Shales, A man who escaped from prison two years ago,,, ,,, who remains one of this country's most wanted,,, ,,, despite the fact he will never be found, - Guy's nuts. They'll do whatever it takes to make the deaths look official, Like they happened in the line of duty, Disappearances,,,, Hey, thank you. - Sure. Here you go. What's the wood for? I'm building a raft. I need more wood if I'm gonna make it to Holland. Holland? - Yeah. You want to see it? The raft? You're gonna try to get from here to Holland in that? Yeah, good luck, Gilligan. I'm gonna take a leak. How are you gonna know where you're going? Do you have like a map or anything? Yeah, I do. It's right oh, it's right here. That's your map? Well, I really hope you make it. You know, every morning I wake up and wonder what it would be like to just disappear. And you're just gonna do it. I think it's great. Okay. What happened to your arm? My dad drinks too. What's going on? Oh, nothing. - No, no. No, no, don't I - Let me go. I just want to fix it. I just want to make - Let me go. Stop. Matt, will you take me home, please? No, I Freak. All right, now, Brad. How we doing? I could be better. Yeah, that's a nasty contusión, but it should go down in about 24 hours. I got your paperwork here for your transfer back to gen pop. Already? Move them in, move them out. You know the policy. Katie. You look nice today. You've worked here over 10 years, right? Something like that. That's a long time we've been friends. Brad, if you think I can pull some strings to keep you out of gen pop, I can't do that. Please, please, you can't send me back there. Do you want that responsibility, knowing what they'll do to me? Just listen, please. One more night. Just let me stay here tonight. I know you can do that. And when you go home, just leave that door open for me. They hung a sheet behind their heads on the wall. One of them, the guy with the gun he found it while Burrows and scofield were talking about how far they had to go. Scofield said something about 450 miles in six hours. Four hundred fifty miles to where? - I don't know. Four hundred fifty miles in six hours. Any point on this circle could be their final destination. Seventy-five miles per hour, stopping for gas. It's doable. - Yeah. Where are they? I'm not sure. I still need more time. This can't happen fast enough. They've already done irreparable damage. Scofield made the video in a storage facility somewhere between Great Falls and Helena not long after sunrise. From there, the witness said that they had 450 miles to get to where they were going. There's seattle, Portland, salt Lake, Denver Denver? - Yes, what? The president is speaking there this afternoon. Three o'clock. - Six hours from when they made the video. They're going after the president. A tape made by escaped convicts Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield,,, ,,, was immediately dismissed by the Justice Department as entirely baseless,,, ,,, which brings us back to the story we'll be continuing to follow throughout the day, Terror threat has been raised to orange,,, ,,, as a storage unit rented by several Arab-Americans was suddenly seized, They buried it. Dumped it off the front page and buried it. It's what they do. They can spin it all they want. It's out there now. Give it time, the tape is gonna work. This is a Hail Mary if we don't get to her. - Getting to her is easy. What we do after's the problem. - Which is why it has to happen quickly. Once anyone knows we have her, the curtain comes down. I'll notify the White House to cancel - No. If there's a change, the brothers will know something's up and go back into hiding. We've found them before. We can find them again. These are not pets, Agent Wheeler. Yeah, thanks. I'm pretty clear on that. But if you use the commander in chief as bait, that's not gonna You have a problem with the way that I do things? Yeah. And I'm not the only one. Is that right? Internal Affairs has asked me to run all your moves through them from here on out. Then, get a pen and make sure you get this word for word. The president's day does not change. The only lead we have is that we know where these men are headed. So we're gonna keep quiet about this and let them come. Now get out of my office. They're two of the most recognizable faces in America. How do they think they're gonna get anywhere near the president? Because it's not just the two of them anymore. I'm gonna go take a closer look at that video. If I may, sir, the president are you certain we should keep her in the dark on this? Because there is a scenario where she could be useful. It is her ass on the line, sir. I think we're pretty clear she's been known to get her hands dirty when that line gets too close. Maybe we should let her know just how close it is. Travelling without money is difficult. They did a good job masking the room. No reflections or flares. Church bells, construction, traffic. Anything? The room tone tells us they were in a large space, about 100,000 cubic feet. So the kid with the camera, his story matches up. We clocked the quality of light with the time of day. It fits his wheres and whens. All right, content. Eyes, hands, feet. Burrows, we're able to baseline off his trial footage so we got even more clarity there. I escaped from Fox River Penitentiary,,, ,,, because I was sentenced to death for a crime I did not commit, I did not murder Terrence Steadman, - okay, there. The eyes. See it? A slight shift to the left, then up. Yeah, the blink rate's up here verses the pattern. He committed suicide last night in the cutback Motel,,, ,,,30 miles outside from his home in Blackfoot, Montana, He's lying. - Seems so. Okay, here. Burrows, arms folded. He's protecting himself. Not a lot of confidence in these words. Like they happened in the line of duty, They mean something other than what he's saying. The posture. Shoulders in for emphasis. He wants your attention here. Okay, there. Adam's apple. - Zoom in, zoom in. See? He's swallowing. Throat's dry. That's a lie. Yeah. - His behavior is textbook. If there's anything about what they plan on doing in Denver they're gonna tell us. Lf you say it that way, it plays too earnest. - Of course it will, it's the truth. But the truth sends them home to their wife and kids. Lies will keep them busy. I'm not telling a lie to the whole country. It's our one chance to say it how - say whatever the hell you want. Tell them you're the Green Lantern. I know how they break down these tapes. I've done it. Every detail matters. Bin Laden crosses his legs right over left tells something different than left over right. It's not the same message. To them, it is. If you want this plan to work, whatever you say with your mouths you need to say something different with your bodies and eyes. Slightly up and to the left. Yes. Much blame has been placed on another innocent person,,, President's motorcade is rolling in. No sign of the brothers. Right there. What's scofield doing with his hand? We've been throwing them fastballs. What do you say we mix it up a little? Like what? I think it's Morse code. For what? - Well, right now, we got a phrase: "The water is warm." Any idea what that might mean? What the hell does that mean? - Nothing. It'll take the feds a while to figure out. We have teams checking the surrounding counties for water temps. Yeah, it might be a message to an accomplice. The North Platte River runs through the city. Maybe It doesn't mean anything. He's with an ex-secret service guy. They're spoon-feeding us every lead they want us to follow. So this is a distraction while they go after the president. They had to know the tape would be discredited. They had to know that we'd talk to the cameraman. There's something else going on. - Much blame has been placed,,, ,,, on another innocent person, Dr., Sara Tancredi, Sara, if you're listening,,, ,,, I know I can't ask you for another chance, I only hope by now you've found your safe haven, I took advantage of you, of your commitment to help others,,, ,,, and put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare, Sara, if you're listening,,, ,,, I know I can't ask you for another chance, I only hope by now you've found your safe haven, I took advantage of you, of your commitment to help others,,, ,,, and put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare, ,,, of your commitment to help others,,, ,,, and put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare, I've considered many ways to apologize, but I must arrive at one, It's more of the same here. Body language, his tells. If you ask me, it doesn't look like he means this at all. Don't care what it looks like. Play it. - I don't see how Play it again. I only hope by now you've found your safe haven, I took advantage of you, of your commitment to help others,,, ,,, and put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare,,,, His voice. Would you say he sounds sincere when talking to her as opposed to talking about their crimes? I guess you could say that. I did say that. Would you say that? I wish I could do this differently, but it's too late for that now, Yeah. - It's too late for you and for others, People murdered,,,, This isn't about Terrence steadman and it's not about their innocence. What? - They're not after the president. They're going after the doctor. I want everything we got on sara Tancredi. Friends, families, pen pals. If anybody wrote her a thank-you note, I wanna know where the hell they are. Now! Sara Tancredi. Dad dead, mom dead. E- mail account shows a minimal list of contacts, with very little activity. Credit cards used mostly for groceries, sporadic clothing shopping and the purchase of single movie tickets. And ob-gyn records tell us she's had very little in the way of sexual relationships recently. Tell you the truth, I would say the bulk of her life was her work. Excuse me, sir. Where are you going? Apparently, we took out a janitor. When it all comes down, all of this will get cleared up. Well, it ain't coming down if we don't get sara. She'll be here. I wanna speak to my brother. We gotta start thinking about what to do if she doesn't show. Or if she does. What if the only reason this guy's helping us is to get whatever information sara has? What if this is just one giant setup? Well, good night. About time you come home. You out with that Feytek boy again? Sasha. - No! You may look like me but you take after your mom when it comes to the boys, now, don't you? Hopefully, with a little better taste. Damn it, girl, you are gonna show me some respect. I know sara didn't have many friends. - She's sort of a Ioner. But you were her friend. I like to think so, yes. But you have no idea where she is now? No. This is a transcript of the scofield-Burrows videotape. I highlighted the part where he talks directly to sara. Mean anything to you? No. You have no idea where she might meet him, if that's his plan? No. Is Brad Bellick still here in the infirmary? Yeah. Why? You must be loving this. I didn't drive all this way to gloat. Well, then, what the hell you come here for? First, I really gotta tip my cap to you. You've managed to draw a bead on the convicts than my own staff. Well, thanks for the "attaboy." But as you can see, the correctional system doesn't share your gratitude. I won't take much of your time. I have a few questions. About? - Sara Tancredi. She listed you as a reference on her job application to work here. You know her well? I'd know her a lot better if you can get my ass moved to ad seg. I have no influence with the DoC. You know that. You want my help, you do. I'll talk to the warden, see what I can do. Right after you give me some answers. Scofield likes to communicate with sara via coded message. You recognize anything here? Anything that he may be trying to tell her? No. I mean, he's saying he's sorry. Not that that's gonna do any good with Dr. Cold shoulder. But What? Ad seg. Yeah. You see here? Where it says this stuff about "another chance" and "safe haven"? That's out of the Big Book. - What big book? Alcoholics Anonymous. Sara's in recovery. Yeah, I'm aware of that. Those are the names of some of the chapters in the book they use in AA. Do you have a copy of the Alcoholics Anonymous book? Sara, if you're listening,,, ,,, I know I can't ask you for another chance, I can only hope by now you've found your safe haven, I took advantage of you, of your commitment to help others, I put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare, I've considered many ways to apologize, but I must arrive at one, It's getting late. - I know. She's not here. I know that too. There is a chance she didn't get the message. Or maybe she's just sick of all this. I mean, the girl bailed on you back in Gila. What makes you think she's gonna come running back now? The same thing that's been keeping us going for the last three months. Faith. - Yeah, well Reality's kicking faith's ass, man. Michael crane,,,, - Look Wait, wait. - Wait? Man, we can't wait anymore. - Listen, listen. Once again, Michael crane,,, ,,, please report to the front desk, You have a telephone call, Yeah, sara Tancredi. Right, she might be with him. Just Yes. Just call the local police in Akron and tell them to get everyone they have over to st. Thomas Hospital now. Michael Crane. I think you've got a phone call for me. Here you go. Thank you. This is Mr. Crane. It sounded better than origami. Even if you got the message, I wasn't sure you'd respond. I couldn't get to you in time. This is the only thing I could think of. I swore I'd leave you alone but I had to contact you. Because I have something? How'd you know? Michael, back in Gila, I was coming back to you, somebody grabbed me and they told me that my father had given me something. Did someone hurt you? I got away, Michael, I want for this to be over. That makes two of us. Do you think that's possible? With your help, yes. It's just a question of looking at whatever it is your father gave you. It's just It's just a key. Well, we'll figure it out. Together. I like the sound of that. Me too. Hello, Paul, Madame President, it's been a while. I know, I'm calling to apologize, okay. I'm so sorry, It all just got away from me, And I ended up hurting the one person who's always been at my side, I want you to come home, Paul, We can fix this together, But not with those brothers,,, ,,, running around the country, tearing down the very office you helped me build, Caroline. I want to make it up to you, Please bring them in, Paul,,, ,,, and everything can go back to the way it was, I have to go now, I'll see you soon, Did you talk to sara? In a few days, this should all be over, one way or the other. Absolutely.   
                
