Paterfamilias



                    			Lucretia: You'll become the greatest lanista in the republic.  Have you.  Crixus.  I would make purchase.  You paid too much for the man.  The man is nothing, I paid to gain favor.  If a man of wealth and position  such as Varus requested my men.  He meets with Vettius.  I expect him to bleed,  as I rip Varus from his grasp.  Is he not of a form, our champion?  I would have demonstration.  Have him fuck this one.  Your father would never--  I am not my fuckin' father!  Fact well known!  Inform Oenomaus, that he is to assum mantel of Doctore.  Prove yourself worthy Oenomaus.  I would see him perform again,  in the primus of my games.   We have won many victories in the arena.  Sent many an unworthy opponent to the afterlife.  Yet self important men hold us  to lesser matches of the morning,  absent both eyes and prominence.  Such time has found its end!  Two days hence,  our champion will take to the sands  to face another of Vettius' shit-eating dogs.  Not in the streets, but in the fucking primus!  (Roaring)  Behold the champion whose recent performance  inspired good Varus to return the House  of Batiatus to proper position!  Behold, Gannicus!  (Cheering)  Gannicus!  Gannicus!  An inspired performance, indeed.  One not to be repeated.  A true god of the arena!  A man to be admired and emulated!  This is but glorious beginning!  Soon you will litter the sands with the blood and bone  of all who present challenge!  Instructed in the ways of death and glory  by a former champion!  One of our very own!  I give you Oenomaus!  (Cheering)  No longer to hold that name!  No longer a gladiator!  Now and forever, to be revered as your Doctore!  This has been wielded with pride  by each before you,  since the time of my grandfather.  Bestowed only on the most loyal and honorable of men.  Your will. My hands.  (Yelling)  The primus.  To gain such position, Varus must truly have been impressed  with your prowess.  As am I.  It was nothing.  It is a great honor.  For yourself, and this ludus.  Both of you bring honor to this ludus.  Each in his own way.  Did you note how he could scarce meet my eye?  He must now heed my commands,  and does not embrace it.  Will the other men share sentiment  towards my "honored" position?  It is his position that stirs troubled thoughts.  He sets mind to the primus.  As you must to training the men.  I know this is not what you wished for.  And yet here I stand.  Elevated.  As you deserve.  For taking a life?  For betraying hand that forged the man before you?  There was no betrayal in what you did.  Some acts cannot be avoided,  when stripped of choice.  Now turn thoughts from unfortunate past.  We must look towards days to come, and embrace them.  Barca.  Pair with Crixus.  The rest of you Continue training.  At last, the gods remove cock from fucking ass!  (Laughs)  The House of Batiatusno  The House of Quintus Lentulus Batiatus  rises to the fucking heavens!  (Laughs)  Soon my champions will be carved in stone,  towering above all who came before.  And Gannicus  will be the first of them  after victory in the fucking primus.  The position was not gained absent aid.  I offered naught but introduction.  And a few selective words of suggestion  You could wile the Goddess Laverna herself!  Your place in this will not pass without  much fucking gratitude.  The kind I favor most  Has a man ever been so blessed?  Quintus.  Father?  Gather yourself.  I would have words.  I leave this house in your care,  and this is what greets me upon return?  I was not expecting your arrival.  Am I to announce myself to the walls that I own?  Of course not. Yet if I had known  of your return from Sicilia  The knowledge would have produced what result? Huh?  Flowers and scented oils laid to meet me,  masking sight of a son gone to shit?  I but celebrate.  Upon what cause?  Angering Tullius with refusal of reasonable offer?  Your exclusion from the games?  How do you come by that?  I am old, Quintus.  Not dead.  There are still those in Capua that hold my name in regard,  and would see me well informed.  Good Solonius counted among them.  Solonius?  He sent word of his concerns  regarding your dealings with Tullius.  The man is seized by unnecessary worry.  Your face suggests otherwise.  A minor disagreement.  Nothing with a man such as Tullius is ever minor.  A fact obvious to the simplest of minds.  Then it is a blessing a greater one than mine has arrived.  (Sighs)  My frustration is more with myself.  You never wished for this.  The ludus, gladiators, the blood, the sand.  Your eyes were always towards the horizon,  to glories and triumphs  forever out of reach of a common lanista.  And yet here I stand. A lanista.  Like my father.  Not like him at all.  You have never been able to look into the eyes of a man,  and gauge his true heart.  Only days past, I looked into the eyes of Quintilius Varus.  And "gauged" way to secure the primus in his games.  Varus has never employed a lanista not blessed by Tullius.  Why now break tradition?  Because I possess what Tullius does not.  Gannicus.  Gannicus?  (Snorts)  The man is a jest, inciting more laughter than awe.  And now I find him desired by half of Rome?  Much has changed in your absence.  And much has remained the same.  I would review my men, and see how they have fared,  denied proper guidance.  Have feast prepared as instructed.  And send to market for an amphora of mulsum. Yes, Domina.  The highest quality, not that shit from Flavus.  Again with the honeyed wine.  Does the corpse drink nothing else?  Lower your fucking voice.  The man has severed you from moorings.  He is the paterfamilias!  One word dropped from his tongue  could see us both to the streets.  We must be beyond reproach, or fall to ruin.  Very well.  I will be a vision of demure obedience and propriety.  On the outside, at least.  We are honored by your return to Capua, father.  I am certain your heart swells.  Oh, the clime of Sicilia has most certainly restored health.  Perhaps you do not recall me.  Gaia, a dear friend of  The memory of you has not yet faded.  Quintus.  We must prove this fucking house in order.  And prompt decision for his quick return to Sicilia.  Withered old fuck.  Eat, brothers! You bear the mark now.  Savor the taste of victory!  (In Aramaic)  Our piss once again finds its way to their mouths!  As if sucked from our cocks!  Argh!  We bear the fucking mark!  Received absent the test.  A fucking goat may bear the mark.  It does not make him a brother.  (In Aramaic)  What did he say? Fucked if I know.  He wants some more.  (Laughing)  You should not eat with lower men.  You are Doctore now.  A title I did not seek.  I would not have events absent my control come between us.  Nor would I.  Ah, greetings.  Auctus.  Nurto.  Oenomaus!  You assume mantle of Doctore?  After unfortunate death of his predecessor.  I chose Oenomaus as replacement, knowing that he  Gather your food and let us retire to your cell.  I would exchange stories of the passing years, old friend.  Dominus.  The way they fawn over him!  Falling to knee to lick his fucking ass!  He takes over my house. My gladiators.  My fucking bed!  Did he give voice toward length of stay?  He gives voice only towards considerable faults  of un-fucking-worthy son.  Leave.  I secure the primus, and he acts as if  I shit upon the name Batiatus.  Oh, you raise it, beyond anything he can imagine.  He will see this,  and bitter tongue will turn to praise.  He would sooner bite it off,  than have it betray him so.  I had forgotten the feeling.  This sudden abyss,  as he sets disapproving eye upon me.  Come.  You will not need endure his presence long.  His health is fled in these climes before.  Should he fail to realize that his house--  his name-- is in proper hands,  a forced return to Sicilia will eventually arise.  I would see him removed sooner.  Your return lifts the heart, Dominus.  Only for those who yet possess one.  Gratitude.  Attend!  Pair up!  Crixus, spar with Barca.  Auctus work the palus until Gannicus joins us.  Oenomaus!  This one is too small!  I would have something the size of a man!  Barca.  Do as your Doctore commands.  Yes, Dominus.  Come. Let us see what is between your legs.  The Gaul winces from spear  as he would from my cock!  Is my long, hard weapon too much for you, little man?  I am without lesson against it.  But your instructions are well received.  (In Aramaic)  Apologies.  You rise earlier than expected.  I rise at proper hour.  An attribute neither you nor your man Gannicus  seem to share.  Harsh words will find the man's ear.  Uh, it could be shouted yet ignored.  Gannicus is no champion.  I would promote Auctus or half a dozen men in his place.  A matter we disagree on.  One of many.  What man spars with Barca?  Crixus, a fierce Gaul of worthy stock.  I recall name from the ledger.  A sampling of exceeding cost.  The man will earn the mark,  and see investment well returned.  Doctore! Bring Crixus up!  My father would have closer inspection--  No. Continue training.  We are to town for necessary business.  I will have Barca prepared as an escort.  Barca is a gladiator.  Trained to wield weapon in the arena,  not be yours in the street. Now come.  Your late rise already threatens the appointed hour.  You would have me sit with this fucking man?  I would have you silent.  While I attempt repair of damaged relation.  Titus.  Good to lay eyes, old friend.  Your experience in delicate matters of business  has been sorely missed.  To be rectified presently.  Come, sit.  You recall my associate,  Vettius? Vettius?  Oh, you were but a child last I knew.  How the years flee from us.  How fares your father?  Dead.  Oh. Apologies.  How terrible.  The boy is ill-starred acquaintance  with such misfortunes.  Why only days past he was set upon in our own streets,  on way to appointment with Quintilius Varus.  Varus?  The same man who, absent Vettius' presence,  managed to find way to your ludus  Where this fucking cock eater stole the primus from me!  Vettius!  Hold your tongue.  How do you answer this?  He accuses absent cause.  My wife and her friend Gaia came upon good Varus in town,  baking under noon-day sun.  Gaia?  She knew Varus from her days in Rome,  offered respite at my villa  while he waited for the absent boy to come to purpose.  A fortunate coincidence for all involved.  And was it this same fortune that saw me  set upon by your fucking men?  Did you see faces?  Did they bear my mark, you wet cunt  Enough!  Remove yourself to the street.  Go.  And leave reasonable men to discourse.  Your son has much to learn in  the ways of diplomacy.  A subject all young men struggle to master.  Let us school them in its ways.  You are better matched against wooden men.  Work the palus, Gaul.  Resume!  Are we to follow Barca's commands now?  He shares my thoughts.  The Gaul falters against spear.  Perhaps advice from a champion would aid his cause  Days past you fought me with something  approaching skill.  Yet opposite Barca, you act as his lover.  Face down with cheeks your spread.  The spear is unknown to me.  You are Gaul.  Did you never face the Arverni?  My years before capture never held the privilege.  They wield spear with deadly purpose.  As does Barca, from the judging.  He but instructs.  Each blow a lesson never to be repeated.  You should be quite the scholar.  By the time he has beaten you to death.  Crixus.  You fought well against my two swords.  Rid a Hoplomachus of his spear,  and he is left with only one weapon.  Barca!  If you have done with your man's cock,  I would have proper contest.  The gods bless Barca with another tiny man to fuck.  (Laughs)  Your Gannicus appears in fine form.  As he will in the primus,  elevating the house with glorious performance.  My heart yet races at the thought of his last.  We'll place such memories behind us.  A difficult feat, when so enjoyed by all.  Some more than others.  Come here.  Apologies, Domina.  Guests have arrived.  Guests?  Varus.  We were not expecting  Oh, the fault is mine, for failing to announce.  Good Cossutius is on stay from Rome to celebrate the Vinalia.  After I extolled the virtues of the house of Batiatus  I demanded introduction immediately.  You honor us, but my husband tends to  final preparations for tomorrow's games in town.  Oh. How disappointing.  Yet we could remove ourselves to the balcony  for proper viewing of his gladiators until his return.  I fear you mistake intent.  I was not regaling Cossutius with tales of your men.  But of your house's more  intimate delights.  I fear that was a special consideration.  Was it?  Perhaps Vettius will be more accommodating then.  Concerning this and my primus.  It would be unfortunate to have come so far,  and find hands empty.  Would it not?  I would not have it so.  Excellent!  Let us prepare Gannicus and--  No. What joy is there in exploring  ground already discovered?  None at all.  What do you offer?  A gladiator of your choosing,  paired with a slave  as yet untouched?  Untouched?  A delicacy no longer present at the moment in my house.  Then it is fortunate you find yourself in ours.  Solonius! A word.  I would share its equal.  I came to you as trusted friend,  carrying news of Tullius' renewed offer towards Gannicus  You carried but shit, spewed from an errant hole.  And what of other knowledge I lighted upon treacherous ears?  That of Varus' arrival, to be met by Vettius?  Vettius is a fool.  Under the employ of Tullius!  He will think I had hand in the boy's assault  He suspects nothing!  His thoughts have turned towards my father inside.  What seized fucking mind, dispatching message to him?!  Your father is in Capua?  He sits with Tullius as you bleat,  stroking fucking cock.  Why do you remain in the streets?  Oh, why do you think!?  I did not mean for his return.  I sought only advice, towards worry  for a man I hold as brother.  Intentions well-received.  Let us place transgressions aside,  in favor of more pressing concern.  Your patience and reason recalls joyous times,  when business was conducted by those  who shared respect for it.  I fear we are a dying breed.  I am certain you shall outlive us all, Master Batiatus.  Solonius.  I hardly placed you.  The years weigh heavy on a man, do they not?  Your presence is fortuitous,  striking need to seek you out.  Share walk, and let us review recent events  Am I allowed voice now?  Could the gods halt the sound?  Whatever Tullius and the boy may think,  I gained the primus on merit of Gannicus' prowess.  Even if true, it is of no matter now.  Gannicus will not appear in the games.  But Varus has made personal request!  A necessary sacrifice,  towards leveling unequal ground.  You will make apology to Varus,  relaying Gannicus found injury in training.  And that Vettius is amply capable  of seeing the primus attended.  You give away the primus, and now ask  that I tongue the fucking boy's ass?  I ask nothing.  This is how it will be.  In return a few of our men will be paired  against each other after mid-day sun.  Our men fight themselves?  The only plank salvaged from such wreckage.  Then we must choose the men with care.  They have been chosen for us.  Tullius now selects my fucking men as well?  An unavoidable concession.  Barca and Gnaeus, Auctus  to face your Gaul, Crixus.  Crixus? Is but a recruit,  not yet a fucking gladiator!  Who you failed to mention was purchased from Tullius.  To gain  To gain his favor.  And what fruits did your scheme bear? Huh?  Oh, this is price due for attempting to maneuver  men above your station.  Be thankful it was not more costly.  Are you certain you would not prefer  the man bathed and scented?  He stands perfect towards his cause.  I would, however, gauge the freshness of your offerings.  Remove your robes.  Did I not tell you?  They are of a form.  But a woman's worth  is not always revealed to the eyes.  A man must probe deeper for true value  Remove yourself to the vestibule.  Return if dominus and his father  are seen upon the road.  I shall have this one.  She's considerably tighter.  Move on top of him.  Do you know why I chose this man?  So crudely etched?  The smell of shit hot upon his breath?  Because this world is filled with the grotesque.  And the divine.  They exist together,  two sides of a coin.  You cannot have one  absent threat of the other.  Yet words do not convey the true nature of this.  It must be experienced.  It must be felt  And never forgotten.  Oh, your absence has been missed in Rome  since your husband's passing.  Your charms will brighten darkest night.  I long to return.  And crest dawn upon a husband yet of this world.  How does your dowry stand?  I was under impression you were absent family of means.  Gaia is a treasure within herself.  One to be coveted.  By a man untethered  to the burden of position and appearance.  Cossutius.  You were well satisfied?  Praise laid upon your house has not been exaggerated.  It is a wonder.  That such base diversion would be impossible  to conceal in Rome.  Capua is city of many pleasures.  Often obscured by pressing business,  to which we sadly must attend.  You take leave? So soon?  A regrettable necessity.  Gratitude for your hospitality.  I look forward to seeing you at the games.  And your man Gannicus upon my primus.  Oh, you honor us.  Crixus begins to show promise.  Upon his back?  The man always rises. A trait to be admired.  So you have eyes for the Gaul now?  And if I did?  I would fucking kill you.  Come here  You fucking cunts!  You soil our food!  Why should we not make meal of your fucking pets  Crixus  You do not help your friend?  This is a fight between brothers.  I do not yet bear the mark.  Have you lost fucking mind?!  Stand down!  Calm yourselves!  Is this what my house has fallen to?  Brother setting upon brother,  so far removed from the honor of the arena,  where such contest holds meaning?  This points to reason the gods have turned from us,  stripping the primus from our hands.  I do not fight in the games?  You do not.  Yet our sacrifices do not stand unrewarded.  A few of you will take to the sands after mid-day sun.  And I expect those chosen to bring more honor  to the House of Batiatus  than you now bring to yourselves.  Yeah! Fuck you!  Gnaeus fights Barca!  And I will split your ass in two.  Fuck.  You do not gain position?  I do. Against Crixus.  Uh, your favorite.  The man does not even bear the fucking the mark.  I am to fight?  You are to die.  At the end of my spear.  So you fight in the arena, I do not.  The gods truly punish me.  I long to be of the brotherhood.  To become a gladiator.  But to be awarded position  it is an honor I have not earned.  There are many things given to us in this life,  for the wrong reasons.  What we do with such blessings  that is the true test of a man.  Ahh!  (Laughing) Go well, return victorious brother.  May Auctus fall.  And Barca follow.  Auctus, Gnaeus  Return victorious, brothers.  For I am out of wine.  After all we've done.  The sacrifices made.  Only to have the primus torn from grasp.  Torn would imply resistance.  My father offers none.  You could not move him from this decision?  Hercules would fail in the labor.  Are we set to leave?  I would not arrive late.  Doctore gathers the men.  Perhaps some mulsum while you wait, father.  To celebrate your return to the games.  You seek to ply me with honeyed-wine?  You find my weakness.  And I would have it exploited.  I shall join you.  It disquiets your stomach too much.  Especially in hot weather such as this.  It never did agree with you.  A trait gained from your mother.  A presence sorely missed.  Every day.  Your Gaul appears ragged.  The result of extensive training.  In preparation for the test he has yet to take.  You set this in motion, Quintus.  By purchasing the man to gain favor.  Only after I looked into his eyes, and saw a spark.  As you always spoke of.  Then today presents rare opportunity.  Auctus, a man forged beneath my rule,  to face Crixus, forged beneath yours.  The outcome to prove if son has learned  anything of worth from father.  (Cheering)  Your time has come.  Gratitude.  For all you have taught me.  Fight with honor.  And if the gods will it  die the same.  Crixus.  A word.  You have shown great promise.  In practice. In exhibition against Gannicus.  Yet this is the arena.  This is where men become gods.  Legions with far greater training and skill than you  have fallen upon this sacred ground.  Many beneath Auctus' spear.  But I do not think that you will be one of them.  You have the blood of a champion.  To rival any my father has ever heralded.  Do you wish to behold such miracle come to pass?  It is all I desire.  Then seize fucking glory.  And see us both proven worthy.  Have you set Crixus to purpose?  I stoke the flame as best I can.  It is now up to the man to ignite.  Or be forever extinguished.  A pity it is not Gannicus, nor the primus.  It was well earned.  Yet he is the one honored.  While his only fucking son is left to languish.  Soon your father will attest your worth.  Or decay into the afterlife.  Either way, we will be free of him.  An epic showing from the House of Batiatus,  certain to please the gods!  In gratitude, we will be merciful,  and grant life!  You are overly kind.  Your house has been most accommodating,  and should be rewarded.  Well, gratitude. I  Are you unwell?  Perhaps the excitement is too much for him.  It is but the heat and dust.  Water.  I would not have torrid throat  announce your final offering.  Address the crowd?  The honor is unfit a lanista.  We decide what befits a lanista, Batiatus.  Make introduction and let us move on.  I stand humbled  before the great people of Capua.  My home and my heart,  too long parted from chest.  In gratitude,  I present the final offering  from the House of Batiatus.  Entering the arena,  a virgin upon its sands  I give you Crixus!  Murmillo!  (Booing)  His opponent,  a warrior unmatched in skill and honor.  I give you Auctus!  Hoplomachus!  (Cheering)  Capua!  Begin!  Auctus wields spear to rival Mars himself.  Well he has been well trained.  The same cannot be said of Crixus.  Perhaps he should have remained a hauler of stone.  Stupid fuck!  Kill the little cunt!  Fuck!  What?  Fuck!  Fuck!  Barca has taught you well  Yes!  (Chanting Crixus)  A fine showing, Batiatus!  With unexpected conclusion!  Indeed it was.  Crixus: I swear to be burned, chained, beaten,  or die by the sword.  In pursuit of honor in the arena.  Welcome to the brotherhood.  Crixus proves himself.  Perhaps even as match for Gannicus one day.  In and out of the arena.  You fought well. Brother.  Your Gaul, still yet a recruit,  defeated a gladiator I considered among  the best of my men.  It would appear I underestimated Crixus.  As I did my son.  You honor me, father.  Oh, you honor yourself.  When cleared of plots and schemes.  Thoughts far removed, never to return.  Nothing pleases more than to see reason  take hold of senses.  And a house righting its path.  I will see it continued in your absence.  Absence?  I assume you return to Sicilia. Your health  Seeing Crixus' victory stirred  passions I have not felt in many years.  For the blood and the sand,  the roar of the crowd. Oh, it lifts spirits  more than change of clime could hope to offer.  No, I will stay at your side,  and together we shall see the House of Batiatus  rise to former glories. Huh.  You remain here?  Until breath flees wearied flesh,  calling me to the afterlife.      
                
