News Night With Will McAvoy



                    			 People are mad at him, Charlie. There are boycotts and protesters, - but that's not the point. - What is the point? The point is I'm not who I used to be right now. Did you give away an interview with Romney? You know exactly how fucked up it is that you gave it away. And that you gave it to a girl that you like. Your father was an abusive alcoholic? He hit you? Look, he didn't hit anybody once I was old enough to hit him back. What do we do now? A preposterous stroke of luck has to occur. A guy down at OWS was telling a campfire story about working for an NGO. He wrote a report that said US troops were using chemical weapons. - What happened to her in Africa? - Will. She went out on a story. It got real very fast and she came back a little messed up. She'd better get un-messed up in a hurry. If what happened to her happened to you, You would sit in the middle of a room and cry forever. - Maggie? - You're back. 15 seconds to VTR. - Stand by, roll-in. - Standing. Ready crane. - The 911 call from Zimmerman. - Ready 1. - I'm talking to graphics. - All cameras stand by. - Billy, you all set? - What if the answer was no? I wouldn't be able to help you. Three, two Roll-in. 10 seconds. In four, three, two Good evening. I'm Will McAvoy. And this is News Night. New developments in Sanford, Florida, in the investigation into the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. Jurors have reached a verdict today in the case of Dharun Ravi, a Rutgers student accused of spying on his roommate with a web-cam. And we'll return to the campaign trail, but we start with news from the Pentagon. Today, for the first time, the military identified the soldier - Breaking. - What is it? - Syria. - Staff Sergeant Robert Bales, a 38-year-old father of two. But the released Sergeant Bales Two bombs have exploded in Damascus. They were detonated simultaneously near government buildings. Right now authorities are confirming 16 dead and 45 injured, but those numbers are expected to rise. - Rebels? - Yeah. - Do you know that or are you guessing? - I'm guessing. Buy the footage and set up a window. We'll slide Tyler Clementi. We go now to Bethany Lee at the Pentagon. The State Department. Excuse me, the Pentagon. Bethany. Will? I mean, Will. Sorry, Will. My dad called my cell during the roll-in. Like he fucking doesn't know where I'm at at 8:00. And, Mac, switch me, God damn it. - I don't want to say this shit in front of the control room. - Switch him. last Sunday walked into two nearby villages and there shot or stabbed nine of them children. What kind of military record did Sergeant Bales have? According to his lawyer, he had an exemplary military record. I'm not gonna fire you. She just told you that it's not her. And I just told her that I'm not gonna fire her-- - She's got a contract. What are you talking about? - I'm glad you brought that up. - "The Anchor shall not commit any act" - It was Photoshopped. It's her head on another woman's body. "into public disrepute, contempt, scandal, or ridicule, which might tend to reflect unfavorably on the network" She doesn't need to hear her morals clause! "any sponsor of the program, or any stations broadcasting the program." Congratulations, you checked all the boxes. - Are you deaf? - Charlie. She just told you it's not her body, Reese. Then she needs to stop wearing that fucking necklace, Charlie. It's the same one she's wearing in the pictures. The images have been scrutinized by not one, but three graphic experts who have reached identical conclusions. Skin coloring is a match. The shadows are a match. Is there a blending issue? No. The hue is a match. Pixelation is consistent throughout. Resolution is consistent throughout. - The size of the luma key-- - Stop. It's me. I lied. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah? Hang on. Excuse me for a second. - He's here? - He's in the lobby. There are people here. Go down there and take him somewhere until I say come up. - You sure? - Yeah, just take him somewhere. - Sorry. - Sloan, this wasn't a stalker pointing a camera through a peephole. - You posed for these. - So what? - I understand. - I didn't hear you. I understand. I was seeing a man over Christmas-- - You don't have to explain. - I can't tell you how much I wish that were true. But she has to explain enough for me to be satisfied there aren't more of these out there. There are more. Colonel, yesterday President Karzai went to visit the families of the victims of Sergeant Bales' attack. - Yes. - And today he spoke with President Obama The Syria feed is coming in. Bars and tone are a couple seconds away. Put it up on a monitor and dij it straight into the system. - Copy that. speaking mainly to a domestic audience. I'm sorry, Colonel, I'm not clear how Karzai's remarks could have been intended for a domestic audience when he was speaking on a secure phone to the President of the United States. - Syria's up. Right there. - A phone call that included senior members of both administrations, Will. Can you write some copy and keep it under 90 seconds? I'll start to triage the bottom of the show. - Are you doing anything? - Yeah. - Remind me. - I'm waiting for an e-mail alert - from the Seminole County Sheriff's Department. - Right. - You sure? - I just forgot, Maggie. - Tess. - Yeah? I just sent you bullets on the two bombs in Damascus. We need to keep it under 90 seconds. You know the body counts are all over the place. Some are saying it's 15 and some are saying it's 100. You want to be that fuzzy? Write it, hope that the numbers firm up in the next 45 minutes, and hope it's closer to 15. - Jim. - Yeah? We've got a situation. There's a Syrian woman on the phone with me right now. She's calling from the W Hotel in Midtown. She says her husband's trapped underneath. - One of the buildings? - Yeah. My name is Jim Harper, ma'am. - Are you the one in charge? - I am. Can you tell me what's happening? My husband is alive and trapped under the concrete. All right. I understand. No one's try to rescue anyone. He's alive. When was the last time you spoke with your husband, Mrs. Kouri? Right now. He's on the phone. He's calling me from under. - He's on the phone with you? - No one is coming to rescue anyone. Can you forward that call to me? - Mrs. Kouri. - Yes? Can you forward that call to me? You need to switch back to your husband's call, go to your menu-- - Yes. - Hello? - Hello, is someone there? - Mr. Kouri? - Yes, I'm here, thank God. - Sir, this is-- This is Jim Harper at Atlantis Cable News, an American news organization. Your wife connected us. Tell me about your condition. My leg is crushed and I'm trapped. And that's inflamed President Karzai's desire to limit NATO troops to major bases. And he's also accused American officials, President Karzai has, of not cooperating with a delegation he'd sent to investigate the killings A woman's on the phone from the W. She connected me to her husband, who she says is trapped under there, who I've just spoken to. They believe if it gets international coverage, Assad will hurry up. - The wife's at the W? - Yeah. - What did the husband say? - He said, "Thank God." You want to let me do some good? Just be right. Colonel Stanley Owlen, spokesman for CENTCOM in Afghanistan. - Thank you for joining us. - Pleasure. We'll keep following this story as the case of Sergeant Bales continues. This is News Night. We'll be back right after this. - Out. - 2:30 back. - What did your dad say? - It wasn't my dad. It was the guy who called the ambulance. He was using my dad's phone. - What happened? - I don't know, it sounds like he collapsed. Yes, please, in Lincoln, the number for the St. Elizabeth Regional Medical Center. - And if you could connect me, that would be-- - Jesus. Yeah, one of the hands took his phone and called me. I was the emergency contact. Good evening. I'm looking for John McAvoy. He was brought into ER about-- He should have just been brought in. - Thank you. - What do you think happened? I think he was helping to bring in the cows, which you're not supposed to do when you're 150 years-- Yes, I'm calling about John McAvoy. He was brought in a few minutes ago. This is his son Will. - What do you need? - I just need to ask him about something - someone posted on Twitter. - Can it wait? - Yeah. - Neal, hang on. You think if I called back after 9:00-- I'm sorry, 8:00 your time-- If I call back after 8:00, I might be able to speak to him? I appreciate it. Thanks. It's all right. They think he may have had a mild heart attack. He's responding to a clot dissolving agent and they got him in cardio running some tests. Little mo' cardio. It's fine. - What do you want to do? - Whatever's next in the rundown. - What do you got, Neal? - Some bullshit on-- - 60 seconds. - 60 seconds. Some bullshit on Twitter. - What did I do? - I'll take care of it. What?! @PepperBurke says-- I guess maybe you were cold to her in a restaurant at lunch. I have absolutely no idea who @PepperBurke is. - She's a writer for-- - I don't care. - Is this an emergency? - No. Then I don't care. Clear the studio. Don't wait for the show to come down to call him. The race for the Republican presidential nomination He consults for AIG and we'd been seeing each other about six weeks. And he got a suite at the Mandarin Oriental for Christmas Eve. - I bought him a camera-- A nice-- - All right. A camera, and we'd been drinking and he wanted me to pose and, you know, I did. For fun. Just for us. Last night I broke up with him. Have you heard of this website RevengePorn? I have now. Why can't she file for injunctive relief and get the pictures down? The pictures are everywhere. They have their own Facebook page. - Then she sues for defamation. - She posed for the pictures. - Copyright. - It was his camera. She gave it to him. He owns the pictures and it doesn't look to me like she was doing anything against her will. I wasn't. - Are you on TV tonight? - Yeah, in about two hours. You're trending number one, Sloan. What do you want to do? Vice President Biden was in Toledo, Ohio, today speaking to the UAW - Neal. - Yeah? Can you unblock a number for me? - You can do it. - How? By listening when I taught you how to do it. Transfer the call to my line. Alim, are you still with me? Samirah? - Yes. - I'm still here. We're working with authorities, so hang in there and breathe. - All right. - Okay. He talked up the American auto industry, praised the president's convictions, and repeatedly criticized the Republican candidates by name, accusing them of being out to protect the privileged. Our philosophy, ours is one that values the workers and the success of a business. It values the middle class and the success of our economy. Simply stated, we're about promoting the private sector. Jim, it's in. They're about protecting the privileged sector. - Download it. - I'm sorry? - Download it. - Download what? - The 911 tapes. - What does download mean? - Maggie. - It's downloading. How long is the tape? Four minutes and seven seconds. How long does that take to download? It really depends. All I want in the world is for you to be standing over my shoulder for the next 99%. You're in luck. - Neal. - Yeah? Shit. I thought he was in a package. I'm in the shot. All right, just be cool. - Okay, you first. - Can you-- Shut up. - Can you block the site? - I already did. - In the office? - Yeah. Why, can you block it everywhere? - No. - I didn't know. How could I block it everywhere? You said-- Never mind. Did you know there's an organization called The Righteous Daughters of Jihadi Excellence? No. What was that? WorldNetDaily has a reputable source saying Simon Weingarden may have once accepted a speaking fee from The Righteous Daughters of Jihadi Excellence. You wouldn't have to pay me; I'd give anything to speak at one of those meetings. Keeping in mind that WorldNetDaily reported that Obama murdered his gay lover-- No, he didn't murder him, he had him murdered. And it wasn't his gay lover, it was his husband. - So they got other facts wrong, too? - Yeah. Keeping that in mind, what do you think WorldNetDaily considers a reputable source? In this case? Me. I need to make a call. While the president struck a somewhat sarcastic tone, the vice president pulled no punches, perhaps offering a preview of the-- Philip, it's Don Keefer. I just read a story on WND blind quoting a source who says Weingarden spoke to The Righteous Daughters of Jihadi Excellence, and that group sounded oddly familiar to me. Could you call me back at the office? And if you call between 10:00 and 11:00, tell them I said to put you through to the control room. We gotta fix this. - What happened? - Jesus! I'm sorry. I'm down here. It's all right. What are you doing? Just hanging out. Grant's in my office. Our office. You shouldn't be sharing an office anymore. I don't mind. I like Grant and he's usually in DC. Brings his dog in sometimes. Basset hound. Always looks very puzzled. Just confounded. But working on it, you know? Just everybody slow down and let me catch up 'cause I'm down here. There was no way to see this coming. He was a really nice guy. Totally trusted him. It's all right. allowed to vote in partisan primaries, but not in presidential elections. It's because everyone's downloading at the same time. Yeah. Hey, I read Hallie's column yesterday. - On Sandra Fluke? - That chick can write. I'll tell her you said so. She knows who I am? Sure. Yeah. Why wouldn't she? I don't know. She does. - How did it come up? - You? I'm just curious. I don't know. I'm sure I mentioned you when I was on the bus with her. Talked about everybody. Well, tell her she's been on fire lately. It's not hard to light her on fire with Sandra Fluke. - She ain't the only one. - Yeah. What do you mean? You don't think there's a little phony outrage? - Really? - Just a little? Little bit? No. A little of the ol', "Hey, how do you do?" A little, "Hey, how's your uncle?" Texas two-step, refried beans, nothin'? You think anyone else is getting it faster? Is everyone downloading it at the same speed or is CNN on the air with it already? Gary, is anyone up yet with the 911 tape? No. Anyway, I was glad for Hallie's piece about Sandra Fluke. And the two pieces that came before that about Sandra Fluke. And I'm looking forward to her upcoming series "White Men, I Think I Hate Them." She writes about women's issues. - Sexism. - It's in the news right now. You say that like we can't help it. What can I tell you? I hit send, it's in the news. Would you prefer nobody wrote about it? No, but can I show you something? I didn't read it on her blog. It was picked up by The Huffington Post. She was very happy about that. And look, to get to Hallie's piece about the epidemic of sexism, you have to scroll past two stories on side boobs, "Six Things You Never Should Say To a Woman With Big Boobs," "Alicia Keys' Nip Slip," "Britney's Nip Slip," "This Week In Nip Slips," and "Scarlett Johansson's Busty Red Carpet Look a Distraction." A distraction from what, they never say. I think they were busy looking for sexism. Can you go back to the download? Polls close at 8:00 P.M. Eastern and our full coverage begins at 5:00 here on ACN. We'll be back after this. - We're out. - Three minutes back. Yeah, we're clear. You wanted me? What's the Twitter problem you started to talk to me about? It seemed like Mac really didn't want me to bother you with it. She doesn't get to make that decision. So please just tell me before she walks in here. You ran into a woman in a restaurant at lunch, Pepper Burke. - I don't know who that is. - She writes for the Post. - What did I do? - It sounds like you didn't recognize her. - I'm sure that's true. - "@WillMcAvoy blew me off at Smith&Wol." Steak? - Have you got the next packet? - I didn't blow her off. "I was carrying two coffees. Must have thought I was a waitress. He's not who he thinks he is, but exactly who we think he is." Neal, a woman walked up to me as I was leaving and said hello. And I said hello. What in the fuck?! - What you got, Sampat? - Nothing. - A woman on Twitter-- - God damn it. Can we please settle who my boss is? - It's me. It's him. - It's me. It's me. A woman says I snubbed her in a restaurant. Should we try to get that into the D block? - How many followers does she have? - It doesn't matter. - She's got a few. - And retweets? - Sure, and it was also picked up by BuzzFeed. - Come on! It should be obvious to you by now that fundamentally small people are going to try to raise their profile by standing on your neck. Could we have a second? - Sure, yeah. But then I need you. - I'll be right there. - In the next break, we're composing a response. - Neal. I don't get paid any extra when this happens, and it happens all the time and it's always me. One minute. I was polite to her. I swear to God. Turn off your mic pack. Nothing bad is gonna happen if you're kind to him right now. On the other hand, if you make the other choice and you're wrong, you will never be able to undo it. That's a scientific fact. I'm being kind, MacKenzie. What do you want me to do? - I'm supposed to call back at 9:00. - Call his phone. - He can't talk right now. - Leave a message for him. Just show him you called. He'll freak. - I'm in the middle of-- - In the next break. He and I need to talk, not just a message. I know that, but start with a message so when it gets to the talk, it doesn't start with, "Why didn't you call me?" I'll do it in the next break. Good. I really do think tonight is one of those nights when you should just do everything I tell you to do. How exactly would that be different from every other-- You're like his drug dealer on this stuff. The right response might not be a bad idea. It's gonna keep going for 24 hours. She's gonna have to become a star by doing something - or sleeping with someone. - I wanted you to see something. - When Pepper Burke tweeted-- - I'm gonna kill you tonight. No, this isn't that. She used the hashtag News Night. So I was looking at other tweets with our hashtag and this one was posted six minutes ago from our hair and makeup room. Are you kidding me? I'll talk to him when I can. I know this isn't your fault, but I really do hate you anyway. I don't care that it's irrational. It is what it is. Tonight I root for your failure. In three, two Today the Obama administration reaffirmed its commitment to a federal mandate that women's health insurance plans Thank you. Get in here. Charlie Skinner at ACN, I will not help you with your sleeper cell. - Get in. - How you doing? You really think you should be spotted coming to see me? I'm a press liaison for the ONI. Why do you treat me like a secret agent? - 'Cause you're a fucking secret agent. - No. - You know you are. - I am not. - You're a ghost. - I work in public affairs at Naval Intelligence. You're a fucking spook and you know it. I don't know if you're with us or Mossad. - I'm not Mossad. - I'm compromised now. - You got anything to drink? - Yeah. And you know what else? Every time you see me, it's about something stupid. That's just hurtful. Everybody else comes and says please, report where the missile landed, but not where it was launched. And that makes sense to me. With you, it's please don't report that we're building a computer center in the mountains of Utah. That's not a stupid ask. What do you care if people know that the Navy's building a computer center outside Provo? - They might make fun of us. - Why? It's hot there in the summer and computers get hot and people say we're stupid, don't know what we're doing. When the truth is the Navy has an excellent track record of knowing what it's doing. We saw the potential in Mav and Goose and we sent them to Miramar, which I don't think the Air Force would have done. And you've got the Roswell crowd that's gonna say it's a rec center for Mormon aliens. - Is it? - I've already said too much. You've got four 25,000-square-foot rooms full of servers, of coolant a day, and you want to hold yottabytes of data. I do not have the first earthly idea what a yottabyte of data is, but the kids downstairs tell me it's equal to 500 quintillion pages of text. Did not know what a quintillion was, so I found out and it's a lot. Have our enemies produced a yottabyte's worth of text? Has the human race? Still, we'd rather not add one more high-value target to anyone's book. This may sound mean to say, but if North Korea is ranking targets, I wouldn't mind if the mountains of Utah took the place of, for instance, my house. The world's not gonna be ended by a bomb. It's gonna be a disgruntled kid. He's gonna hack into the grid, open dams, canals, flood towns, change pipeline pressures to key oil and gas centers, causing hellacious explosions in populated areas. How's Nancy? She's finishing up a book on Jackson. And Sophie? She's in Amherst. - What's she majoring in? - Philosophy. What do you do with a philosophy degree? It takes all the energy I have not to ask that question at Thanksgiving. I don't give a shit about the computers in Utah. Report whatever you want. If you don't care, what are you doing here? You've got a producer at your DC bureau named Jerry Dantana. Yeah. Why has he been spending the last seven months asking people about a black op called Genoa? I'm not here for something stupid. A lion's walking through the woods and he comes up to a zebra and the lion says, "You know something, zebra? You are a ridiculous looking animal. You're half white, half black, half horse, half donkey. Look at me. I'm rough, I'm tough, I'm the king of the jungle." Zebra just shrugs and moves on. Lion comes to a giraffe and the lion says, "You know something, giraffe? You are a ridiculous looking animal. You've got a long neck and little horns. Look at me. I'm rough, I'm tough, I'm the king of the jungle." Lion comes to a frog and says, "You know something, frog? You are a ridiculous looking animal. You're green and slimy." And the frog says, "Hey, fuck you. I've been sick." You got to get your show ready. I'm all right. At some point, I'm gonna have to call my parents. Do you have to? My father keeps a scrapbook on me. He Googles me every morning. He's gonna understand. - He will. - Not deep down. No one will. This is who I am now. What happened? You mean how did he-- - Why did I pose? - Was it a bad breakup? I didn't even know you were going out with someone. He was a very well-respected analyst. We met at a Forbes party. No, I didn't think it was a bad breakup. He wasn't very upset about it. But even if it had been, like, this would be okay? - No. - What the fuck? I know. I am feeling so intensely something that I don't know what it is. Rage. You want me to scrap you from the rundown? - Yes. - You're supposed to do a segment-- No, I'm not going on TV and interviewing-- the guy is-- He's the Chancellor of the Exchequer. You can't He should have Elliot. Okay. Excuse me. I bought him the camera. It was a good camera. I asked a couple of our freelance guys for help. I miss still photography. Though not so much lately. Philip, it's Don Keefer again. You've got to call me. This is a problem. Tomorrow morning, everyone's gonna be sourcing the WND story that's sourcing you sourcing me. I have no idea if Simon Weingarden would make a good solicitor general or not, or even if he's being considered. But he shouldn't have this stapled to his resume just because I'm dry. Call me, please, at any of my numbers. They'll put you through. What was that? Anyway You're feeling rage. I'd love it if I was. I'd give anything to feel rage. It'd trump the humiliation and I'd be able to get up. I think I live here now. What if I were able to promise you that humiliation always turns into rage? How long does that conversion take? How long is the evolution? How long does it take to get from the larva stage-- - I fully understand what you're asking. - How long does it take? I guess it depends. Like with Germany, it was 15 or 20 years. - Forget it. - But Wile E. Coyote, you know, he He has a fast turnaround. I want to die. I know. We've seen a host of contentious women's issues in the news including this one As soon as you're done, I'm gonna need it so I can post an unedited transcript. Martin, Tess. We're monitoring it. Help is on the way. You understand they want to be able to raise awareness-- No, I understand. I'll tell you what column I'd write. What's wrong with sluts? I don't think that's her point. It wasn't her point, but it's mine. Rush Limbaugh called a woman a slut. It's not hard for me to get over that. But now I have to ask what's wrong with sluts? That's a woman who has a lot of casual sex with different guys. Why isn't that good as long as everybody's safe? Because the country is divided into people who like sex and people who are utterly creeped out by it. I'm one of the sex people. And I'm sure we're in the majority and I'm getting tired of having to make a public bow to the minority by pretending I'm not really into sex. You need to switch to vodka. It's not as easy to smell and you're wearing the same clothes as you were yesterday. Think I'm drunk right now? Last night. Most nights. What I do when I leave here is none-- I know. Limbaugh is not the interesting conversation. He was wrong. Sluts was the interesting conversation. We'll have it in five minutes. Another five or six to cut and render it. I need to know how much time. I'll find out. - Gary. - Yeah? How long did it take you to straighten out after Africa? I wasn't holding the kid. All right. We live in a dangerous time for freedom. A time when it takes guts to speak out for conservative values. I'll grant you that it takes guts to speak out about anything. But does it take something extra It's about five minutes away, and then we'll have to cut it down from 4:07. Okay. Just 20 to 25 seconds will be cool. If we can't get it right on time, we can always slide it to 10:00. - I want it for us. - We may be squeezed. - Then we're squeezed. - All right. We'll have it. or Mr. Buchanan. But Rush Limbaugh has the most popular show on the radio and Pat Buchanan won the New Hampshire primary. What does someone who wants to speak up about conservative values have to fear in terms of consequences? Will, I'm not even sure why we're talking about this. It's because you said it's a dangerous time for freedom. A time when it takes guts to speak out for conservative values, and then I took it from there. Pat Buchanan was fired from MSNBC. - Do you know why? - I can take a guess. Well, since you're on television, I'd prefer you didn't. It was absolutely because of the book. I guess you couldn't help yourself. You and I know there's a chapter that's misunderstood. Tess, I'll be back in a second. - Give him a warning at 30 out. - Copy. People widely misunderstood a chapter in Pat's book. - The chapter-- - "The End of White America." - Jesse? - Yeah. I'm Mac McHale, the producer. That's such a news name. "Well, you got moxie, kid. And that's our lead. Kill the lead that was there before and get me a ham sandwich." So let me ask you a couple of things. You're the head of the Rutgers Gay-Straight Alliance? - Yes. - Did you know Tyler? No. Will's gonna ask you about the reaction to all this on campus. You don't have to feel like you're speaking for everyone, just your own experience. Obviously I thought what Dharun Ravi did was reprehensible. He invaded Tyler's privacy in the worst possible way and then made it available for everyone to see. Do you think Dharun Ravi is homophobic? I have no idea. I know he's an asshole. You take the most intimate moment of someone's life - and use it for entertainment? - Right. Right. A woman who works for the Post is mad at Will for a perceived snub and she's been tweeting about it and that's why someone here was looking at the News Night hashtag. "Watch #Newsnight 8:00 P.M. My TV debut. Gonna make some waves. Parentspleasedonthateme." This was you, right? Yeah. Just spreading the word. What kind of waves, Jesse? Are you planning on coming out on the show? To my parents. I'm sorry, you can't. Why? You just said you can't take the most intimate moment of someone's life and use it for entertainment. But I'm volunteering to do that. - I signed a release. - You can't do it. If I hadn't told you, you wouldn't have known. If you hadn't tweeted about it and you hadn't told me, I wouldn't have known, but you did and I do. What's wrong with it? As long as I'm okay with it. It's just not that kind of show. - We'll be back after this. - What kind of show? The kind where that would happen. We just went to commercial and I'll be right back. We have to talk about this, okay? You can't just pretend I didn't say anything? No. She knew what she was doing when she said you must have thought she was a waitress. - People are tweeting? - Mostly women. - Mostly bad stuff? - And Pepper Burke sent out another tweet. During the show? I wish they'd wait until after. - Or at least a commercial. - What's going on here? - She tweeted again. - Yeah. And Miles Deaken pulled my pigtails in kindergarten. - Could I - What was the second tweet? "Another battle lost in the war on women." And also on that metaphor. Did you call his phone? - Yeah, there was no answer. - You left a message? - I called the hospital. - You left a message for him? - Yeah. - Good. It's gonna mean a lot to him. - You didn't, did you? - No. - Come on, do it, now. - It's not that simple. - Yes, it is. - After the show. I'm saying in addition you should call now, his phone, and leave a message. Start to turn this around. I think I'm making a mistake not having Neal write something to this woman. "It was a pleasure meeting you at lunch. I'm sorry you felt snubbed." Yeah, but maybe it should be longer. What else do you want to say? - I had to hurry back to the office. - What else? I don't think any woman with a coffee cup is a waitress. I don't think women are only suited to be waitresses. Are you sure you want to be that insulting to waitresses? - You're right. - Will. - Yeah? - Forget about the fucking tweet! Look, I get that it's stupid, but it has an effect. And we haven't been getting the bounces lately. And there's injustice. Living with that much injustice from the person who was supposed to represent-- He's the one who tells you what the world is going to think of you. And if he tells you you're bad-- That forever. Not forever. That's my point. - 30 seconds. - 30 seconds. If you're thinking on the off chance he might die tonight, you can win the last frame by sticking it to him-- - I'm not. - Then why are you talking about justice? - I don't know what to say. - It's voice mail. "Dad, it's Will. I just heard--" I'll call him in the next break. What was the third tweet? The first was you blew her off and she's a waitress and you didn't respond to that. And the second was the lost battle and you didn't respond to that. What was the third? "You just lost a viewer." She knows what she's doing. Two large explosions, believed to be car bombs, have rocked the Syrian capital of Damascus, destroying two government buildings, killing at least 27 and injuring at least 97, with authorities saying those numbers are likely to go up. The window's gonna be pretty small after we wait another We're gonna have to bump something late in the show. Yeah. How long have you been waiting to say something? I don't know. You have questions about my-- About drinking and men? - You want to warn me about something? - No. 'Cause I'm single. Is my performance at work suffering? No. You know what it's like in my place with Lisa? I have to come home after she comes home, and that ain't easy. You'd think I'd be out of the penalty box. Just get someplace else to live. No sweat. It's been six months. You're unpredictable and moody. You're unpleasant and volatile and begging for a fight. - All that's on my Match.com profile. - Maggie. Does anyone have a problem with my performance at work? No. It's uploading to the network drive. You work on it in the edit bay, I'll write the copy and build the segment. We need it fast. Jerry Dantana was chasing a rumor here. That's what he's supposed to do. I thought his profile was low enough that he wouldn't set off any buzzers. What's the rumor? I can't tell you that. Don't you want me to wave you off? I doubt you'd know about this. - Really? - I can't tell you what it is. You're irritating people whose help you're gonna need on other things. I don't know what to say. He wasn't doing anything out of line. And you'd follow up on this, too. Something to do with chemical weapons? - I can't tell you. - But it is, right? - Shep. - It's a fucking serious allegation, Charlie. Nobody's making the allegation. That's a war crime. I mean, can you imagine? People would go away for a long time. There'd be riots in the Middle East. There'd be riots here at home. Our allies would be in a fix and America would lose any claim to moral authority around the world. If that's the story you're chasing. I can't tell you what the story is. Let me ask you this. If your son were a Marine like you were and he was taken and we knew he was a couple hours away from being sold for the purpose of a public beheading, would you have a problem with a MARSOC unit conducting an extraction using any means necessary? Your hypothetical bears a remarkable resemblance to the rumor we've been chasing. Does it? Dr. Worth, does a US President - have any control over gas prices? - Yes, Will. These assholes, they always get away. When you come to the clubhouse Back it up to "these assholes." - Just keep him talking. - Yeah. Ask him where he's from, what does he do, - why is his wife in New York? - Mr. Kouri You say it's on the left-hand side from the clubhouse? No, you go in straight through the entrance and then you make a left-- You go straight in. Don't turn and make a left. Shit, he's running. We have more oil and gas in the shale of North Dakota and California and a few other states than in all of Saudi Arabia. But the price is set globally. If Australia is willing to pay Chevron $100 a barrel and we aren't, Chevron's gonna sell it to Australia. - He's running? - Which way is he running? - Down towards - Do we need that? We've got less than five minutes. "This week, as national attention has increased, the Sanford Police Department's handling of the investigation has come under intense pressure to release" Newt Gingrich is smart enough to know that one of the reasons Jimmy Carter lost reelection was because his high inflation caused high gas prices. But we have no inflation right now. Just keep breathing. Help is almost there. - All right. - And what is your name? George. He ran. - All right, George. - What's your last name? - Zimmerman. - That's it. Send it. I'm happy to say the Gingrich plan moves you towards The Obama plan moves you towards $9 or $10 or more. If he can set the price, then why isn't it a buck 75? How did he settle on 2.50? And what else will be cheaper if Newt Gingrich is elected president? You know that's not how it works. I absolutely know that's not how it works. Thank you, Howard Worth of the American Policy Group. You're watching News Night on ACN. We'll be back after this. - Three minutes back. - We've got the 911 tape - and we'll open the next block with it. - Okay. So your son's a Marine like you were and he's taken and we know there's a plan. We know he's a few hours away from being sold for the purpose of public beheading. You wouldn't do it? Do what, Shep? They've got a huge crazy problem, Charlie. Black and white can live together. Christian and Muslim. But you can't have most of the world living in the 21st century and the rest living in the eighth century. Unless they're willing to limit themselves to eighth century weapons. They've got a big fucking crazy problem which simply is not addressed in Common Article I of the Geneva Conventions. What are you telling me? These guys-- Special Forces, MARSOC, SEALs-- they live under constant threat of death and torture. Should they come home and be threatened with prison? Isn't it time to change the public perception? If your son were the one in there, wouldn't you do it? Wouldn't you insist it be done? Do what? I'm sorry and all, but you have to fix the crazy problem. 'Cause this is what happens when you make it ours. Anyway, I'm gonna go catch the last shuttle. Here's some information on why we need yottabytes of memory. That's why I was here. Sorry it's crumpled. Is this the right time to ask why you date men like this? - No. - It's not? - It's not the right time. - All right. Because you don't know they're like that until they are. But they are a lot with you and-- There's no way to tell, Don. - I'm sorry. I don't believe that. - You don't? I don't believe that someone who is capable of this, that a shithead this big is able to keep it a secret from someone they've been dating for seven weeks. You're saying I knew he was like this but didn't care? I'm saying you don't have a very high opinion of yourself and I don't get it. And since it's not the right time, let me also say if it had been a woman who had done this, her friends would be saying, "You go, girl!" I promise you, he's getting that right now from his friends in arbitrage. No. That's the difference. Deep down, they think he's an asshole. He's an asshole right on top. No, they, his friends in arbitrage-- I know. I was making a joke. You're really-- You're impressive. I have to make a phone call. - Did you call? - I did. I called. - Did you really? - I did. That was the right thing. You know it was the right thing, and you get to live with that now. And you're going to make your father very happy when he gets the message. I know. So call me back at the office. I'll be here until 11:30. Or you can call me on my cell any time. I saw a guy named Philip Adams last night. Phil Adams. He's well-connected in the acute caucus of the mental patient wing in the exotic disorders extreme of the GOP. We were talking about Simon Weingarden, and I asked Adams if he'd have any trouble getting confirmed as solicitor general if the job opened. Like has he been paid to speak to the Righteous Daughters of Jihadi Excellence or anything? - And due to my dry delivery-- - Are you kidding me? No, when I'm in the right mood I'm like Jack Benny. No, I'm talking about-- Somebody ran it? WorldNetDaily. I've been calling Adams. That was the third time. You've gotta call someone there. You've gotta call an editor. - Why haven't you done that? - Why haven't I-- - Called an editor. - I wasn't sure does WorldNetDaily even have-- Yes! Their names and numbers are in the database. This is gonna get out of control and Weingarden's getting tagged. I can't be blamed for-- I don't think-- How much do you think I can be blamed? All right, here's a senior editor. I'm calling a guy named Munch. I'm not gonna make it out of this call alive. - Put it on speaker. - You can't laugh. How am I going to stop myself when all I've been doing is laughing for hours? - Hello? - Mr. Munch? The case took a turn today when the part-time Mayor of Sanford, Jeff Triplett, overruled his police department and released the 911 tape to the press. We received the audio recording just a few minutes ago, and we'll play a portion now. This guy looks like he's up to no good or he's on drugs or something. It's raining and he's just walking around looking about. - He looks black. - Did you see what he was wearing? - I was just being hyperbolic. - Yeah? I didn't think there was any way I could be taken seriously. Yeah, I can see that, but the thing is, we've got it from multiple sources. David, come on. You got to take it down and run a retraction. I appreciate you clarifying your role, but like I said, you weren't the only one. I was the only source. Come on now. I don't think I appreciate being woken up and called a liar. It's 8:45. Where do you live? Let's say good night, Don. - My friend, I get that this story is pushing traffic - That has nothing-- but Weingarden didn't do anything except become a lawyer. - So - I'll tell you for the third time-- We have multiple sources telling us-- That he spoke to the Righteous Daughters of Jihadi Excellence? It turns out your joke was right on the money. I made up the fucking name, David! There is no such thing as the Righteous Daughters of the-- What the fuck is wrong with you?! - Did you search it? - I just did. There are 17 entries. That's because of your story, fat-ass! Mr. Keefer, I think you're extremely-- Have Neal write this story including this phone call and post it on our website tonight. Cut off the air supply to the morning shows. I think I'm done in here. Thanks, pal. Here to speak with us tonight is Nia Robbie, a lawyer for the NAACP. This is the first time either of us have heard that recording. What are your initial thoughts? I think it's pretty clear this was racially motivated. I don't think anything's clear. He's black. He's up to no good. He's looking at all the houses. His family says he may have been listening to music on his iPhone and not even aware Zimmerman was watching. His family would have no way of knowing that, though, right? What they know, what we know is that he was armed - with a bag of Skittles and some very dangerous iced tea. - Mac. It's George Zimmerman who gets the benefit of the doubt now. A benefit never afforded to Trayvon. Nia, Mr. Zimmerman claimed that Trayvon Martin looked suspicious. - That's right. - How does one look suspicious? You'd have to ask Mr. Zimmerman. This is a helo manifest. From what? Operation Genoa. This is the first piece of paper we've seen with that name. Listen, I sang in an a cappella group in college, the Whiskey Sodas. When we'd tour, the secretary would have to submit an expense report. We'd want to bring a ton of weed, but we wanted the group to pay for it. So in the expense report, instead of saying weed, it would say chickens. Look at the manifest. ".50 cal ammunition. M261 FFAR MX-76." What's MX-76? There's no such thing. I called three quartermasters. - It was the gas. - Look-- We dropped sarin. This is a true story. It happened and we're gonna prove it. Where'd you get this? Can I talk to you a second? - Yeah. Is there a problem? - Yeah. I'm transcribing the full text of the 911 call. The 911 operator asks is he white, black, or Hispanic and Zimmerman answers, "He looks black." Yeah. You cut the operator's question. Yeah, but Excuse me, I Jesse. I'm sorry, I've got to bump the segment. - Why? - We screwed up. We aired a badly edited tape of George Zimmerman talking to the 911 operator and I need the space so we can air the full tape at the end of the show. Is this because I said I was coming out? - No. - Because I was gonna come out on the air? No. I just told you the reason. I don't believe you. I guess I'm gonna have to live with that. People are gonna know about this. is absolutely in order, but make sure you blame it on Will and not me 'cause Will's the famous one and you'll want traction. Why are you acting like such a bitch? I was gonna lose the segment anyway and it was 'cause you were gonna come out. If it makes you uncomfortable, then maybe you should come to our meetings. You want to come out on TV, I don't care. But you can't do it here. He's not Maury Povich. Tyler was robbed of his right to come out to the world on his own terms. Dharun made that decision for him. I'm doing what Tyler never had the chance to do. I'm taking the power back. Jesse, you're full of shit. You want to be a D-lister and that's it. You want to get onstage and you want to call him Tyler even though you told me you didn't know him so you can bathe in his reflected tragedy. Fuck you, Jesse. That kid killed himself because his privacy was stolen. And you think you're honoring him by tweeting about coming out in front of a million and a half strangers? I'll put up color bars before I'll put you in front of our cameras. I thought it was one way to tell my parents the news and not be there when I did. Well, good luck with that. Thanks. I saw a video online. It gets better. How would you know? I guess I wouldn't. Take it easy. I've known a few of these guys. I know this one very well. Having a relationship with an audience is cool. I get it. As long as it doesn't turn serious. As long as it's hooking up and home before sunrise, then everything's fine 'cause They don't feel about you the way you want them to. You were gonna get killed. I did you a favor. Sanford is a high crime area, and this community in particular. Is it possible that the extra motivation, as you said, pursuing Trayvon Martin on foot When the dispatcher told him plainly not to. We're all set. We wanted to wait for a commercial break. - That's them? - Alim and Samirah Kouri. - Mr. Kouri? - Yes, this is me. I'm here. And Mrs. Kouri, are you there? I'm here. Is help coming for my husband? Will you put this call on television? Here's the thing, guys. Syrians don't commonly say, "Thank God." Nobody named Kouri is registered at the W. And when that building came down, it took the cell tower with it. You still with me Stewart? We have software that unblocks phone numbers and that's why your super is knocking on your door right now with a police officer. Mr. Block, it's Ray. Could you open the door, please? Baba Booey, motherfuckers. Tonight we take care of all family business. Many people are also white. Nia Robbie, thank you for joining us. - Thank you, Will. - We'll be back after this. - You're not making a rational expectations argument. - I am. Expectations, insofar as they're informed by predictions, are essentially-- Okay, look, if the prediction-- All right, you're making a rational expectations argument, but you're not being rational. There's no risk here. What are we talking about? It's not pure, frictionless arbitrage. Excuse me. I'm so sorry to interrupt. Hey, Sloan. You in the neighborhood? Always. I work a block over. Cathy told me to come back. Scott, can we talk for just one second? I'll have him right back. Excuse me. I made it to the rage phase. Scott, where are you going? Hey! No, no. There have been nearly 200 hail reports from Missouri to Alabama, including baseball-sized hail in Carrollton, Illinois. What happened? Jim, I swear to God it was for time. - You didn't hear it and think-- - I had to cut it to 25. You didn't hear it and think, "If I take out the question - and only leave the answer" - I know. - "it won't sound like it was an answer"? - I didn't. If I had, I would have-- Obviously I wouldn't have cut it-- - It was just for time? - Yes. You weren't trying to see justice done? I had one pass. I was hearing it for the first time. And I'm not sure I need to be disciplined by a guy who gave away an interview, 'cause that happened, Jim, that's what you did. You wanted to save Hallie, so you gave away our interview. And watching you defend that column when you know-- I had six minutes to cut a five-minute piece of audio down to 25 seconds. I should have been listening for it. I know what 911 calls sound like. I just-- I never remotely prepared for this scenario. - Look-- - The thing is, I'm afraid to sleep alone at night, so sometimes I go out. That's all. That's all it is. That's all. Yeah. All right, you apologize, but make it brief. - Yeah. - A mea culpa isn't really right. - I agree. - The full audiotape is 4:07 and we're gonna play it right through and you should point out the specific mistake that was made. - You want an intro on the prompter? - No, I'm good. After the show, I'm gonna tell you about the Bonnie and Clyde of prank callers. Okay. How's Sloan? She's gonna be fine. She scratched herself for tonight, but I just saw she's back in Don's rundown. Good. According to a number of Internet sources, men your dad's age have a full recovery rate of 93%. So especially knowing your father-- He died. My father died. What did you say? He died. He had-- It's called a ventricular fibrillation. When? About 10 minutes ago. The last break. I called to leave a message when I said I was gonna and my sister answered his phone. - You've been sitting here-- - It's all right. - Will. - It really is all right. Mac, we're up. All right. Here we go. - In 10. - Ready graphics 44 and 45. Ready. In five, four, three Will. Will, we're back on you. - Go to commercial. - We don't have one. This is the F block. - Is Terry ready in DC? - Control, this is New York. Is Terry at the desk? No. Will. Well, I guess it's just us now. We have an important correction in the Trayvon Martin story.   
                
