The Genoa Tip



                    			 I'm gonna pull you from the 9/11 anniversary coverage. Let me know who to put on the Romney bus for a couple of weeks. I was thinking we could go back to the way things were. I don't want to go back to the way things were. - I'll go. - Where? - New Hampshire. - Say hello to Jerry Dantana. Jerry's up from DC to cover for Jim. Are you very sure you want to pitch this? Occupy Wall Street was registered. And is there a list of incoherent and unrealistic demands? Your cousin sent me an e-mail with a link to a YouTube video. - Please let me explain. - I spent this whole time thinking I was a bad guy for not being in love with you. I don't think there's an immoral way to kill terrorists. - There's an illegal way and we're doing it. - I don't care. Because you were taken off the 9/11 anniversary coverage? Yes! I'm flipping out! - I'm gonna give you a story now. - What kind of story? The kind that makes careers and ends presidencies.  This president is on track to lose more jobs than any other president in modern history. We simply have to have an administration which has as its leader a person who understands how business works and how the decisions we make from a tax and trade standpoint affect the creation of jobs. - Hey, Cameron. - Good morning, sir. Come on, man, you can't keep me off the bus again. According to Taliban law, I think I'm allowed to run over your face with the bus while making your sister drink Clorox. - Let's leave sisters out of this. - You're right about that. - I can go on the bus? - No, sir. You guys are running for president. You're gonna have to get used to bad press. As a Republican campaign, what kind of experience would we have with bad press? - Yeah - How would we build up that part of our immune system? Cameron, straight up, the story I file today will be about how the governor wouldn't let an ACN reporter on the press bus. And he'll experience a five-point bump in the polls. - Cameron? - Yeah? Let him on the bus. Go ahead. Thank you. Thanks. Just want to get going. I'm Jim Harper, ACN. How's Ben's ankle? It's broken. - The reporters were freed in Libya. - We're reading it. - It's in the Guardian. - We've all got it. Headline: "Journalists freed from Rixos Hotel after being held by Gaddafi gunmen." Stillman, we're all reading it. "The group were freed shortly after they--" Seriously, Stillman! We're reading the exact same thing you are saying. These journalists who've been trapped for five-plus days at the Rixos Hotel in the five-star prison, as it was known in Libya, are out, headed to a safer location. So, great news, as far as we're concerned. But the battle for Tripoli and - It's me. - Are you all right? - Sorry. - Are you okay? Yes, totally. - Did you sleep here? - I came in early this morning. It's 6:00 AM. I'm moving back in with Lisa. I didn't really want anyone to see the bags. So would it be all right if I kept them here till the end of the day? What happened? Don and I split up. Did he kick you out in the middle-- No. No. He went to a hotel. Then I couldn't sleep, so I just packed some stuff and came in. - You should call him. Take the-- - I've called him. I've called him a lot. He's not taking my calls. It's 6:00 AM. He could be sleeping. If it goes to voice mail after two rings, they saw your name and sent you to voice mail. - Really? - Four rings, they're not there. Two rings, they don't want to talk to you. All right, I have to retrace my entire life now. But, you know, you and Don-- It was all me. It was me. Is it okay if we don't talk about it? Yeah. I'm going down to the gym. You wanna come? - Uh, no. - Yeah. Come take a shower and we'll get breakfast. The reporters are free, the ones from CNN-- Yeah, I saw. Come on. Yeah? I need to tell you a story Cyrus West told me last night after the panel. Cyrus West question mark? - Hmm, ellipses. - I booked a bad guest. How long do you guys give people shit in New York? Ask A-Rod. What story did Cyrus West tell you after the panel? Have you ever heard anything about a black op called Genoa? - Operation Genoa? - Like the salami? Yeah, except it's named for a kind of sail on a boat. - No. - All right, well, uh, this is gonna sound-- I get that this is gonna sound crazy, but West says about a year ago, there was a MARSOC extraction just across the border in Pakistan. Two of our guys were being held in a village along with civilians, including women and children. And he says we used sarin gas. What made you think that was gonna sound crazy? - I know that it's probably-- - Sarin gas? - On civilians? - During an extraction. The first team of MARSOCs were overrun by Taliban fighters and a second wave of Marines came in on a helicopter a minute later and dropped gas. - Sarin gas?! - Shh! What you're describing would have involved about 50 people. a ground crew to load the gas on the helos. What 50 people could keep that secret? - You know the name of the shooter in Abbottabad? - No. Those 50 people, to start with. You think SEALs are better at keeping a secret than MARSOCs? They're protecting the shooter's safety; they didn't use nerve gas. I can't believe we're talking about nerve gas. - Do I have to go on? - Mind if I ask you something? - No. - If I was Jim, would you be paying attention? I am paying attention. J.D., you don't have to feel competitive with Jim. Good, 'cause I was asked to come fill in for him. I really don't want to get calls from our DOD sources asking why we're pursuing a libelous story. Can you assume that I'm good at this? Can you assume the D.C. Bureau didn't hire a senior producer who's an idiot? - I never said-- - Can you do that? - Make your calls. - Thank you. 'Cause on the off chance it turns out to be true-- I'll be there to see you accept your Peabody. - That wasn't even close to what I was gonna say. - Lighten up, man. On the off chance it turns out to be true, people are gonna have to resign. Jerry, you're talking about a massive war crime. On the off chance it turns out to be true, people would have to go to prison. Will asked me to come get you. What was it supposed to be called again? You can say whatever you want in front of anyone who works here. - That's why they work here. - Genoa. - Like the city. - Like the headsail on a boat. - Cool. Anything else? - Nope. - Why's your hair all wet? - They don't have blow dryers in the gym. Do you have a minute today when Gary and I could pitch you Africa? You can't pitch me Africa. It's a huge place. You've got to be specific. That's what's wrong with your pitches. - Good morning. - Oh, I'm really glad you're here. Elliot and Sloan have been talking about closets for-- We're well into our sixth minute now. My wife has always dreamed of having a walk-in closet, so I've hired a contractor and I'm building her one. - Have you ever built an extension on your house? - Never had a house. - It's like Vietnam-- You can't get out. - Is it going to be great? - The closet? - Yeah. On paper, in theory, yeah. It's supposed to have a whole shoe emporium and a vanity and a little step stool and a sunken, uh-- - Minute seven. - Don't stop. See, this is what I'm talking about-- Women and closets. What about men and showers? I've got an awesome shower. I love my shower. Where is she keeping her clothes in the meantime? - My closet. - And where are you keeping your clothes? - The shower. - Oh, dude. - Are we done? - Yeah. Do you want to do this or me? - Go ahead. - Will's been-- - I should tell 'em. - What's going on? The two of you are going to anchor the 9/11 anniversary coverage. I've been taken off. What are you talking about? - Oh, fuck that! - No way. - Hang on. - Reese took you off? It wasn't Reese and it wasn't Leona. It was me. It was my decision. Then we'll sit here until we've talked you out of it. - Nobody leaves. - That sounds like something I'd enjoy, but-- - Why? - In about an hour, I'm going to be officially condemned on the floor of the House. We. We're going to be officially condemned. - We all did the broadcast. - We know about that. There are boycotts and protestors, and Reese got kicked out of a SOPA meeting, and mostly there are 9/11 widows and widowers and first responders-- What, like, seven first responders out of hundreds? - If all it is is one-- - There's always gonna be one. I'm bad news right now. When I called the Tea Party the American Taliban, there were people who thought I was being reductive about the Taliban, and the 9/11 anniversary isn't-- How were you being reductive about the Taliban? The Tea Party doesn't throw acid at people. - But that's not the point. - What is the point? The point is I'm not who I used to be right now. It's not right that I inflict myself on a profound - Jesus. - national day of mourning. So on the 9th or 10th, I'm going to get the flu, and you guys are gonna take my desk. That's it. It's not a big deal. All right? I'll give you any help you need, but you'll nail it. - Anything else? - No. It wasn't your decision, it was Charlie's. - I know, I was just saving-- - Charlie doesn't need you to protect him from-- - I wasn't protecting Charlie. - Why didn't you just tell them? It's embarrassing. Right. Excuse me. - I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name before. - Hallie. Would you mind just framing me up? Sure. - Am I good? - Yeah, go ahead. Governor Romney began a 36-hour campaign swing through the Granite State here at the Rec Center in Keene, New Hampshire, where questions ranging from Mr. Romney's health care-- that camera is pointed nowhere near my face, right? We're competitors. Troy Davis. I think he's going to get clemency. - I don't. - Why? He's a black guy accused of killing a white cop in Georgia. That hardly ever goes well for the black guy. He's not accused, he's convicted. And it didn't turn out great for the white cop, either. - He spent 20 years in a cell-- - I know. - Seven of the nine witnesses - I know. have recanted their testimony, - and of the two left, one of them - Don. is the primary alternate suspect. I've been covering the story, just like you. - Not just like me. - You're right. I've been covering it for nine years. I go down there every six months. We write letters. I know the man. There's reasonable doubt all over the place, and in three weeks, we're gonna kill him. - Unless he gets clemency. - Unless he gets clemency. So can I suggest something? - More coverage? - Different coverage. As a former prosecutor, you can walk us through the trial and the appellate process like nobody else. - The pressure that was put on the DA's office - Listen. for an indictment, how that can motivate them to take the path-- No. - Just no? - He had a trial and the jury reached a verdict. Half of those jurors say they've changed their minds. He was granted an appeal and the upper court decided-- - Burden of proof on appeal is set so high - I know. that seven of the nine witnesses recanting didn't matter. And now he gets a clemency hearing, and then he can try his luck with the Supreme Court. He's received, and is receiving, due process. It's not right for me to re-litigate the case. That's a thin argument when a guy's life is on the line. No, it's not. Witnesses get fuzzy. They feel bad. They're hounded by reporters and activists and "What if I fucked up?" nightmares. And as a former prosecutor, I'd be pissed as hell if some guy with an anchor desk and an audience started second-guessing my-- Can you imagine how little I give a shit about the prosecutor's feelings? With the presumption of innocence, a jury of his peers reached a verdict and found him guilty. And then they looked him in the eye and sentenced him to death. Did Troy have the best possible legal counsel? - No, but on appeal-- - On appeal he was represented by the Georgia Resource Center, which stated in an affidavit that the work that they were doing on his behalf was akin to triage. "We were simply trying to avert total disaster rather than provide any kind of effective or active representation." In your file, you have a commendation from Judge Bernard Sittenfeld of the Brooklyn Criminal Court. - Mm-hmm. - You approached the bench and you said, "Your Honor, I can win this case, but only because I can beat the public defender. I'm no longer convinced that the accused is guilty, and I'm making a motion--" It was my case and my decision. Look, I get that you want a pro-death penalty crime fighter making noise, but there's a difference between reporting a story and advocating for a cop killer. - Alleged. - Not alleged, convicted. - Do you see any reasonable doubt? - I don't get a vote. - I'm just asking if you see any reasonable-- - Of course I do. Okay. - Wanna see some company history? - What is it? Will at the anchor desk on 9/11. - His first time in the chair. - He picked a hell of a day. He didn't pick it. Dan Marsh was grounded in Chicago - and the other guy, Ed-- - Ed Wyatt. Wyatt couldn't cross a bridge. Julie Chen, Maria Herrera, Ryan Crosby-- The bench was pretty thin. What was Will, the weekend anchor? - Legal correspondent. - Shit. Here it is. What is it? It's almost midnight. He's been on the air for 16 hours. Probably hadn't had 10 words with Charlie Skinner - in his life until this day. - Is there sound? That's coffee. - I didn't know how you like it. - I'm sure it's fine. It can be lonely in here. I've been learning a little bit about you. You're the oldest son? Yeah. You had to protect your sisters and your brother and your mom from a pretty violent father, it sounds like. Do it again. I've got faith in you. Why? I'm out of options. You're back in five, four He froze? I've been searching for biblical quotes. None of them We don't know how many are dead. It's gonna be a lot. It's gonna be thousands. We don't know who attacked us. We don't know what's coming tomorrow. And I don't know what I'm doing. But I'll make you this promise: I'm gonna be with you all night. I'm not going anywhere. I'll be right here. John Chase is at the Pentagon. Will, the smoke is still billowing out of the western side of the Pentagon, where at 9:37 this morning, it was struck by American Airlines Finally, in the first national poll released after Rick Perry officially announced - Come in. - I think if I slip out now before the show's over-- Let me help you carry your stuff to a cab. No, I'm good. I appreciate you not asking too many - What the hell happened? - questions. I shouted at a Sex and the City tour bus that my roommate and I were both into the same guy. Someone on the bus taped the whole thing and posted it on YouTube. Someone Don knows sent him a link. - Shit. - And Jim was on the bus. Jim was on a Sex and the City tour bus? - Yeah. - Why? I'm just lucky, I guess. - How many views does it have? - 1,118 as of a half hour ago. - And Don's one of them? - It's a Labor Day miracle. - Has Lisa seen it? - No. I sent an e-mail trying to get it taken down under their privacy policy, but I got an auto-response saying it takes five days. Then I tried getting it taken down under their copyright policy-- The Sex and the City music and logo can be heard and seen. - And? - Five days. I can't think of anything else to try. - What about-- - Foursquare! - She's gonna be on Foursquare. - It was a tour bus. You really think the poster lives in New York? The video's called "Another New Yorker Loses It." "Another New Yorker." Somebody from Maryland could say the same thing - without the emphasis on the first word. - Right here. Oh, she just posted three minutes ago. "My underwear is on gentle cycle while my love life is being scraped against a rock." And she's at a Laundromat in Astoria. If she just put clothes in the gentle cycle three minutes ago, she's got another 42 minutes, plus 50 minutes in the dryer. I can take the 7 to Queensboro Plaza, transfer to the N. I can make it. - I'm coming with you. - No, I'm good. I'm not letting you go to Queens to negotiate with Sylvia Plath by yourself. Come on. Thanks. - Ron Paul trails - And just like that, - Perry's up 12 points over Romney. - We can see. And only two-thirds of Republican voters know who Perry is, which means that four in 10 who do know who he is have him as their first choice. We are looking at the same thing you are. Perry's gonna come back to earth. He's a legitimate conservative with a ton of money. Eventually, he's gonna have to speak. - Jim Harper. - Stillman. Not your phone. - Jim? - Yeah. Hi. Hang on a second. - Hey. How are you doing? - I'm fine, thanks. But I need to tell you something. There's a YouTube video of me shouting at the bus. I'm sorry, it's kind of loud in here. - I can't really shout right now. - Okay, hang on. - Are you still there? - Yeah, but I'm getting on the elevator now. - What were you saying? - There's a YouTube video of me shouting at the bus. The whole thing. Are you there? Yeah. You remember what I said, right? - Yeah. - I'm taking care of it. I'm going to get it taken down. I just wanted you to know. Has Lisa seen it? - No. - Has Don? - Ahem - Maggie? - Yeah. - Has Don seen it? Yeah. - Are you guys all right? - I'm moving back in with Lisa. - Shit. - I gotta go. - I should call Don. - I wouldn't do that. I think it'd just-- And he's having a hard time with Troy Davis, so-- He is a really good guy and I screwed him-- - I've got it all covered, okay? - Maggie I screwed him. You were on a bus. Excuse me. Are you Erica? - Yeah. - Do you recognize me? W-what are you doing? What's going on? No, it's okay. You don't have to be scared. - Why would you even say that? - Sorry, that was stupid. I'm Maggie Jordan. I was the one who screamed at the bus like a lunatic that night. That's my friend Sloan. Okay, but I'm feeling a little ambushed. You're not. How did you find me? We haven't been following you or anything. - Why would you say that? - I found you on Foursquare. - I'm not dangerous. - Okay. I just need to ask you a favor. I really need you to take down your YouTube post. - It would mean a lot to me. - This is crazy. - Yeah. - I can't believe I'm talking to you. - Well, like I said-- - I'm really curious. - Did you and your best friend make up? - I'm sorry? You said, "I just spent my last $7 having a fight with my best friend." Yeah. We did. We did make up. And I said something in the video that would really hurt her if she saw it. That you like her boyfriend. - This is so weird. - Yeah, it is. It's like I'm in this now. Believe me, you don't wanna be in it. And was the guy who jumped off the bus, was that the guy you were talking about? - It doesn't matter. - Was it? I'd rather not get other people involved. You didn't know he was on the bus when you shouted-- - No. No, I didn't. - What happened when he ran after you? It doesn't matter. I just need the video taken down-- - Are you guys together now? - She said it doesn't matter, Erica. How far up her ass do you need to crawl before you get-- It's all right. That was really rude. She works a long day. We're all right. 'Cause I don't respond to things like that. Me neither. I have a hunch we're a lot alike. You don't even know me. That's the thing, I feel like I do, from reading your blog. She writes this Sex and the City fan fiction, except-- - It's not fan fiction! - That's what I was about to say. - It's not fan fiction. - I take experiences from my life and I write them in the voice of the characters. - Will you take down the video? - This is the most views I've ever had, - and it links to my blog. - I'm asking as a personal favor. - I don't know. - How many Twitter followers do you have? - I have over 300. - I have more than that. I'm gonna give you something to tweet, and I'll retweet it, and in exchange you'll take down the video. - How many do you have? - More than 300. How many? - You do not have 450,000. - She does. Are you famous? She's very well-known and respected in certain circles. - What are you famous for? - Making other people rich. Tweet this-- "As China's reliance on oil increases, investors would be well-tipped to look toward Nigeria for the next supply boom." That doesn't really do anything for my blog. It's not-- Okay. Use my account and type this-- "Check out this blog. Best SATC fan fic ever." - "A real-life Carrie Bradshaw." - Can I say Charlotte? You know what? You cannot say Charlotte. - You can say Charlotte. - I like Charlotte. Seriously? Say Charlotte. - Cameron? - Yeah? Any chance I can get 30 minutes with the candidate today? No. Governor Romney continued his campaign swing through the Granite State with a town hall-style event at the VFW Hall For Atlantis Cable News, I'm Jim Harper with the Romney campaign in Alexandria, New Hampshire. in Sutton, New Hampshire For Atlantis Cable News, I'm Jim Harper with the Romney campaign in Gilbert. I was hoping you'd run a name through your VA database for me. Gunnery Sergeant Eric Sweeney. - Maggie. - Yeah, it's a very common name. I'll take anyone who was deployed in the last 10 years. Satellite Sentinel Project just released a report that they have evidence that the Sudanese government is building mass civilian graves in the Nuba Mountains. - Can I get the report? - The whole thing? The whole thing. with a business roundtable where the governor will be talking about how to fix Obama's stalled economy. Then we go to Claremont for an 11:00 AM Freedom Forum where he'll talk about Obama's stalled economy and how to fix it. Lunch is turkey sandwiches. And then at 3:00 PM town hall meeting where Governor Romney will be taking questions from voters about how he's gonna fix the economy. - And Jim has a question already. - Yes. How's the governor gonna fix the economy? He will be talking about that today. - Any chance I can get 30 minutes? - No. But keep asking. I will. _ A Christian group armed with knives, machetes, and guns - attacked Muslims in Nigeria. - Give me everything. Lieutenant Riley, my name is Jerry Dantana. I'm with ACN, and I'm trying to track down a retired Marine gunnery sergeant named Eric Sweeney, likely Special Ops. Eric Sweeney? They were armed with knives, machetes, and bows and attacked Muslims praying during Ramadan. - 21 people are dead. - Did any of them live here? No. In an historic address to a joint session of Congress, the president implored lawmakers to pass the American Jobs Act. The president used the phrase, "Pass this jobs bill" Pass this jobs bill and we can put people to work rebuilding America. Everyone here knows we have badly decaying roads and bridges all over the country. Our highways are clogged with traffic, our skies are the most congested in the world Pass this jobs bill, and companies will get extra tax credits if they hire American veterans. Jim Harper. She says I need to be more specific and that it has to have something to do with us. - Give me advice. - Be specific and have it have - something to do with us. - Okay. So I should probably get back to work. - Jim? - Yeah? I just want things to be back to normal, you know? - I'm normal. - It doesn't sound like it. And I don't know what the hell you're doing in New Hampshire when you're a senior producer. I'm waiting for Ben Furusho's ankle to heal. - You're lost. - Hey, you know what? Look who's talking. - All right. - All right. Well, have a good night. You too. She wants things to be normal? Um yeah. Why don't you? I didn't like normal. She's someone in my newsroom. - I didn't ask. - Okay. - Three Es. S-W-E-E-N-E-Y. I'll hold. You all right? Yeah. Can you think of anything about Africa that's relevant to Americans? It's the next place US soldiers are gonna go to die. Yeah, he was a gunnery sergeant. They took down the Towers, hit the Pentagon, and but for the heroism of the men and women of United Flight 93, would have destroyed the Capitol. In the decade since, the world's become a different place. Our country's become a different place. We've gone to war in Iraq and Afghanistan, we've lost almost Whatcha got? Netflix is gonna separate the DVD-by-mail plan from the online. I saw it. Bring it up again at 2:00. Ron Paul won the California straw poll and got Barry Manilow's endorsement. I'm looking down at my papers 'cause there are things here that interest me, and not so I don't laugh at what Martin just said. Um, speaking of laughing - Neal. - Yeah. Neal went to cover a protest rally over the weekend. - "Flip 'n' Fry Wall Street"? - Occupy. were promised. - Did they get 20,000? - No. - 15? - No. How many people came to "Fluff 'n' Fold Wall Street"? Police estimate there were 300 people in Zuccotti Park. Ooh! You guys have to check out the e-mail blast. - Please don't. - This is what got Neal's attention. Hello, Citizens of the Internet. We are Anonymous. - Seriously? - On September 17th, Anonymous will flood into lower Manhattan, set up tents, kitchens, peaceful barricades Oh. It's a Salvador Dali mask. - Guy Fawkes. - What's that? The masks-- Guy Fawkes. one simple demand in a plurality of voices-- We want freedom. Join us. We are Anonymous. We are Legion. Wall Street, expect us. This film is not yet rated. They're cheering for you! They're ironically cheering for a video that had me chase a nonstory. - Well, next best thing. - Good morning. - Good morning! - Don, listen to this. No, already you're making it sound bad. Don, listen to this. I just saw a convincing presentation from the guys at B.A. Strategies. The subject-- Audience retention. Not in the sense of retaining your lead-in, but actual retention. Holding on to the information you got. - Retention in the sense of-- - I'm begging you. past the first quarter of a show - if that show features - No. - Yes. - an engaged Twitter audience. You want me to do a whole show with a bunch of little messages flashing underneath me? They wouldn't be flashing, it'll be a scroll. You can't turn your arm clockwise and turn your leg counterclockwise at the same time. Try. You can't do it. Go ahead. Well, obviously, I'm not going to do that. It encourages a highly engaged audience, and that's an ad sales point. They why not do it on Will's show? - Mac would never allow it. - Don would never allow it if he were in the room. - Charlie. - Don's back. I've got an off-the-record source and no second confirmation that there's been outside lobbying on the Georgia Parole Board. - Real lobbyists or-- - Yeah, lobbyists. Professional lobbyists. That's not illegal for the parole board, just for the lobbyists. - Which way? - Against. Three-two against clemency. Gwen's on the air for another 23 minutes. I want to have her break in right now. - How good's the source? - It's-- Are they saying money changed hands? No, just they made phone calls. The pope's made phone calls for this. - Well, my swing vote-- - The guy you think is the swing vote. Know is the swing vote, didn't listen to the pope, he listened to lobbyists. So I'd like to go over to dayside and have them report - that there's been a development in the story. - No way. Get someone on the record, get confirmation, and we'll-- We'll keep trying, but in the meantime, - I want to break in. - Go with the story that-- You don't have the story to break in with. - The clock is ticking. - Same rule. Call him. Say you've heard a report and you want confirmation. When he denies it, then I really won't be able to run it. You can't run it now. Why don't I just call him and tell him-- I can just call him. I could call him and say, "I know your name. I know your name, and if Troy Davis dies, I'm reporting that you were the swing vote. I'm reporting your name, your address, and I'm gonna throw a Google Earth image of your house up on the screen so we have a record of what it looked like before it was set on fire." You could put a picture of his kids up on the screen, say where they go to school. Seven of nine witnesses, and one of the two is a suspect. What could the lobbyist have said to the parole board member that could possibly have been better than what the pope said? Do you have anyone inside the police unions? Nobody who'll tell me this. Then you'll just have to wait for the Supreme Court. Yeah. Okay. Don I've never really talked to you about the YouTube, the whole, you know No. Yeah, man. Uh, I appreciate it. Just just not this minute, okay? Yeah. No. Cool. All right? All right. You know something about Troy Davis? How did you hear that? We're competitors. - Hey. - Hmm? Nothing, I was I heard something was going on with the parole board. I have a source saying the swing vote was lobbied, - and it's 3-2 against. - It's against the law for lobbyists-- I know it is. It's not like I'm indifferent. It never occurred to me that you were. - All right. - I can give you cover. If you're worried about coming out for a guy accused-- I don't need cover. One of the witnesses said Davis confessed to him in jail. - Kevin McQueen. - Then McQueen said he made it all up. The court said the recantation didn't mean much because McQueen was so obviously lying that the jurors couldn't have attached much weight to his testimony in the first place. It was clear that he was lying, so it didn't matter that he was lying? That was the ruling of the US Court for the Southern District of Georgia, yeah. The recanting witness who said he was coerced? Jeffrey Sapp. The court said his testimony wasn't damaging enough to Davis, that if he'd really been coerced, his-- Testimony would have been more damaging. Another recanting witness said she saw the alternate suspect - pull the trigger. - Harriet Murray. Why didn't she testify at the hearing? She's dead. The court won't give any weight to her claim. That's 'cause she wasn't cross-examined. - When did the burden shift? - When he was convicted. - He shot a police officer. - No, he didn't. The jury said he did. The district court said he did. I can only report what I know. I'm not allowed to get involved in advocacy, and neither are you. And from what I hear, I'm sure you were just joking about threatening the swing vote with exposure. I'm sure I was. - Hey. - How you doin'? Good. How was your day? It was good. You want a hug? What? You want me to give you a hug? What's going on? Come here. You're so full of shit, Maggie. What? No, you didn't! I'm the typical single woman in New York I got it taken down. It was taken down. I went to a Laundromat in Queens to make sure you didn't have to see it-- Erica blogged all about her brush with celebrity. She didn't think Sloan was very nice, so she reposted it. - Oh, Jesus Christ. - You think it's adorable that you're victimized by your own life, don't you? Like you're Holly Go-Fuckin'-Lightly. - Okay - Don't misunderstand, I was moved that your first instinct was to impress upon me how hard you tried to lie. But Maggie just can't get the breaks. - That wasn't what-- - A minute ago, I was kind of furious. But now that I know you went all the way to Queens to try to lie to me, well, I just can't stay mad at you. - Please let me speak. - Right here. where you fall for a guy and he's going out with your best friend! It doesn't work out! Things get really bad! Get really bad for who? Who do things get bad for? You were talking about you, right? Fuck Don, fuck Lisa. We hear Jim's voice, and then he jumps off the bus and chases you. - What happened next? - It doesn't matter. - The whole thing-- - It matters to me. - The whole thing-- - What happened next? He came after me and we talked. What else did you do? "Don't you dare lie to me, Big Mike." - We kissed. - Yeah. And then I went back to Don, and Jim went back to you. And the last few weeks, when I'd say Jim sounded weird on the phone, you said it was "all in my head" and I should "stop acting crazy." - I was wrong. - Let's not rush to judgment. Why did Jim go to New Hampshire? To cover for an embed who broke his ankle. That's legitimate. Is it common for someone with Jim's job to take that assignment? No. He left 'cause he didn't want to be around Don and me. - Last question. - Lise - Why did you fix me up with Jim? - I didn't. Don did. And in fairness, I'd been telling you about my feelings-- "In fairness"? In fairness, you then turned into eHarmony and told me over and over that you didn't have feelings. - Yeah. - I mean, after all the breaking up and getting back together, and you're telling me over a year of this, you didn't want him to pick you, you wanted him to pick you instead of me. - Hold it right there. - Right? - A little? - You can't possibly think that. No, I can. You're seeing me do it right now. Okay, can we back up? Because one of us is gonna say something we can't walk back. I think it's gonna be me. What do you think? - I did one thing wrong. - Hmm? I did one thing wrong. I told you I didn't have feelings for Jim when I did. You parked Jim with me until you and Don were done for good, which you knew was inevitable. You parked him with me because you thought that was safe. - No - That Jim would never get serious with someone like me. I don't know what "someone like you" means. - I don't meet a lot of guys' parents. - That's because of the guys. I'm used to being humiliated by guys. I'm not used to being humiliated by my best friend. - I didn't set out to do that! - But it was a pretty good perk! Neither one of us can afford to live alone. I'm your landlord. You're my tenant-- - that's our relationship. - Lisa There's nothing more to say. I'm just going to e-mail the link to Jim, save myself a phone call. But I just spent my last $7 having a fight with my best friend, who, by the way, isn't available at 3:00 PM on a Wednesday to console me about some guy because she, too, has a job! Does anyone know who Anwar Al-Awlaki is? He became a radical imam and organized violence against the US. - Where is he from? - That's the thing. - What? - He's American. What are you talking about? He's a US citizen. Another American, Samir Khan, was also killed, but it was collateral. He wasn't targeted. Wait, wait. Al-Awlaki was targ-- His father was a Fulbright Scholar and got a PhD at your alma mater. Anwar studied engineering at Colorado State and education at San Diego State. An American was on the kill list? Are you on the sidewalk? - Where are you? - I'm right over here. Wait, I think I see you. Wave your arms. All right, stay right there. You made it. You said there was a rumor that Radiohead was gonna be here. Is Radiohead here and those are their roadies? - That was a legitimate rumor. - What the hell is a legitimate rumor? - Now that I've got you here - You know how much shit I'm taking at work? Congratulations on having a job. There's nothing I can do for you. I run News Night's website. That's it. And if there's anyone who wants this to be a story, it's me, but this is just a dwindling local protest with a rambling list of unfocused demands that is more rambling and less focused than when I met you four weeks ago. - Something's going on up there. - Yeah, something's going on. All day, all week, occupying Wall Street. All day, all week Hang on. Mac? We publically demand the administration release the memorandum authorizing the killing. By we, you mean me. He's got Fifth and Sixth Amendment protection. Look, I'm trying real hard to care that Al-Awlaki is dead-- I don't care that he's dead. I care that we killed him. Without a trial or anything resembling due process. You can't switch teams, declare your intention to kill as many Americans as possible and not expect to be treated as an enemy of the state. And you can't be found to be an enemy of the state without a trial. John Dillinger said the problem with living outside the law is that you no longer have the protection of it. That doesn't sound like Dillinger. Yeah, it may have been someone else. Federal agents tried to arrest Dillinger coming out of a movie theater. And when he pulled a gun, they shot him. They didn't hit the theater with a rocket. Al-Awlaki was the head of AQAP. He doesn't get read Miranda. - I don't give a shit what his passport says. - You don't? And you know all those times the two of you ask me why I'm a Republican as if that's something that needs an explanation? - I don't know what the hell you're on about. - I never heard either of you ask anyone why they're a Democrat. Well, it's right here. The purposeful suspension of common sense. Treason is a crime. You have to be found guilty of it before-- The White House Counsel. The DOJ. There is a legal analysis. There's a memorandum that allows the president to do this. Great. Can we see it? Does it have a name or is that secret, too? What's our role here, guys? Demand the memorandum be made public. You think it's gonna make our lives easier if I appear to be defending a leader of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula? Who cares about our lives being easier? I do! And you do, too, or there wouldn't be tweets scrolling through Elliot's show tonight. Listen to me. When I took you off the anniversary coverage, I wasn't telling you to change your clothes. It was about that particular day and this particular moment. - They didn't know. - What? We told the staff he took himself off the anniversary. Did anybody believe you? Everybody. - No. - Nobody. - Excuse me. - Give us just a second. Neal was arrested. He's calling from the First Precinct. - Put him on speaker, Maggie. - You're on speaker. What happened, Neal? I went to an Occupy rally. I did it on my lunch hour. The police started arresting people who were wearing masks. There's a law in the books in New York that dates back to 1845. Groups of people can't wear masks in public. - Were you wearing a mask? - No. Did you identify yourself as a reporter? I did and I got some good footage until the officer confiscated and destroyed my phone. - Are you kidding me? - He still got the footage. - How? - Maggie, open up Ustream. Shout out your name if you're getting arrested. I picked up local Wi-Fi to stream the video back to my computer. - Do you see it? - We're watching it. - Everybody get back and clear the sidewalk right now. - No, stop! Good job, man. - I'm gonna come bail you out. - I'm doing it. - No. - Send the film to my phone. - Can I help you? - You've got a dis con here named Neal Sampat. I need you to void the arrest. - You his lawyer? - Yes. - I'm sorry, but aren't you-- - Yes. - Mr. Sampat works for me. - Okay, well, Mr.-- It's gonna end in an ROR or an ACD anyway, so As I understand it, he was creating a hazardous or physically offensive condition by an act which serves no purpose. You're quoting 240-2-7, and it's "no legitimate purpose." He was reporting on a protest. That's a legitimate purpose. - Here's how this works. - I know how it works. Do you know the arresting officer? Is he a friend of yours? - He is. - Has he ever been the subject of a 1983 action? If you're not sure, then he hasn't, because it's a charge for civil rights violations that never doesn't end with badges and service revolvers being tossed on desks. I'm sure it was a by-the-book arrest. Anwar Al-Awlaki was killed today. It wasn't an accident. There was no warrant, no arrest, no arraignment, no judge, no jury, and no appeal. - How do you spell-- - Not here. A US citizen was targeted. Another's on death row for the crime of not being able to afford a good lawyer. And a bunch more have been locked up for wearing Halloween masks. So obviously what I'm doing is dealing with the easiest one. Sir, are you feeling all right? Yeah, I-- I just had the flu for a while. Everybody get back and clear the sidewalk right now. Officer, I'm Neal Sampat with ACN. Why are these people being arrested? The street isn't really blocked. I'm not gonna tell you again. Get the hell out of here. This is a public sidewalk and I'm reporting for ACN. You want to fuck around, huh? Which one of those two guys would you rather be right now? Void the arrest on Mr. Sampat. I've got it-- The reason to cover Africa. National security. Want to try not to shout the words "national security"? Jerry said Africa is the next place American soldiers are gonna go to die and he's right. Do you ever think Will might just be a douchebag? - Oh, boy. - And a little bit of a coward? I don't know. There's a whole continent of news about to happen. There are 54 countries on that continent. - I need you to be specific. - I'm about to be specific. The war on terror is shifting to Africa. Can you tell me three differences between a Sunni and a Shi'a? I can tell you more than three differences. I was shot at by both of them. - And could you before 9/11? - No. - Could anybody? - No. And was that good for us? What is it with you and Africa? I want to be the go-to person on something around here. You've got Martin on politics, Tess and Tamara on the Hill, Sloan on economics, Kendra can book anyone in 10 minutes. If you had to start a news team with five people, I wouldn't be one of them. Gary and I want to go to Kampala and interview the officer in charge of the Joint Task Force and get a full tour of Camp Kasenyi, then come home and interview the right counterterrorism experts. You'd need to get the permission-- I already have clearance from the DOJ, the Pentagon and both embassies. You're green and it's dangerous. I've been seeing wire reports for weeks about fighting-- In the Sudan, nowhere near where we're going. And I'm not green and neither is Gary. - Who's the president of Uganda? - Yoweri Museveni. - Who's the US ambassador? - Jerry Lanier. - What's the currency? - The shilling. - Local customs? - The main religion is Christianity. Women dress conservatively and their independence day is October 9. We'll get yellow fever vaccinations and malaria pills. When you're kidnapped, your government-- My government won't acknowledge it and my company won't set precedent by paying ransom. This is not a dangerous area. Book your travel. Yes! We're going. We just got a wire report. Did you hear what I said? Five dead and 150 injured in a protest. How close to Kampala? In Kampala. Are you still up for this? Yeah. Then don't show this to Mac. We're going. Prison really changes a man. You get a lot of thinking done. - How long were you in there? - About an hour. Hour and 15 minutes. It's slow time. To Neal. Cheers. - Use your words. - Isn't it enough that they love you? - They'd walk into fire for you. - For you. For you. I'm usually the one setting the fire. -  Maybe I didn't love you  - Somebody's got to-- - Shh. - What? Nobody sings it like him, not even Elvis. Somebody's got to start investigating the administration's counterterrorism policies. I know you know that. - What's this? - Tomorrow night's copy. It's a demand to see the memorandum.  If I made you feel second best   Girl, I'm sorry I was blind   You were always on my mind  He advocated organized terror attacks against the United States, including the so-called underwear bomber in 2009 and the attempted car bombing in Times Square last year. He was killed by hellfire missiles fired from two unmanned aerial vehicles commonly known as Predator drones and he is the first American citizen to be targeted How's it going? - Good. - You busy? Right, that was-- I'm sorry about what happened with Maggie. You didn't deserve that. Thanks for taking care of her. - She's taking care of herself. - 30 seconds back. Okay, well, people are at Hang Chew's if you want to stop by.  The things I should have said and done   I just never took the time   But you were always on my mind  All right, Elliot, listen up. Breaking news banner. - Cut the Twitter feeds. Just cut it. - 10 seconds. In three, two Before we move on, we have breaking news. Troy Davis was executed by lethal injection roughly 10 minutes ago by the State of Georgia. The Supreme Court in private reviews denied Mr. Davis's request for a stay. The family of slain police officer Mark MacPhail was present, and, with his last words, Mr. Davis maintained his innocence. Mr. Davis was 42 years old. Troy Davis was convicted in the 1989 slaying of police officer Mark MacPhail. He'd go on to spend more than half his life in prison. In 2009, the US Supreme Court took the extraordinary step of ordering the district court in Savannah to consider Davis's case for actual innocence. A year later, Davis's lawyers presented evidence at a two-day hearing before District Judge William Moore, Jr. Four witnesses in the original trial Congratulations. I just heard. - Thanks. - Did you call Jim yet? No. Okay.  If I made you feel second best   Girl, I'm sorry I was blind  You have reached the voice mail of Jim Harper, senior producer of ACN's News Night. Please-- Voice mail. - Well, he's probably-- - Two rings.  You were always on my mind   Tell me   Tell me that your sweet love hasn't died  Over the last several months, organizations including Amnesty International have rallied to Davis's side. Among those calling for his sentence to be commuted were Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Pope Benedict XVI, former President Jimmy Carter - What do you need? - Follow me, please. Eric, you're on with our executive producer MacKenzie McHale. - Okay. - Could you identify yourself again, please? Gunnery Sergeant Eric Sweeney, USMC, retired. Could you repeat what you told me just a minute ago, please? Well, it's real-- Operation Genoa. Sergeant, this is MacKenzie. You're saying there really was a black op called Genoa? - Yes, ma'am. - All right. Are you aware that you're speaking to the press about classified information? - Yes, ma'am. - What was Genoa? An extraction. Was there anything unusual about it? We used gas. We used it on civilians. What kind of gas? Sarin. They're all dead. Are you willing to tell me the name of the person you heard this from? She's not understanding, Eric. I didn't hear from anyone, ma'am. I was MARSOC. Special Forces. I was there.  You were always on my mind  Here are his final words. "I ask my family and friends that you all continue to pray, that you all continue to forgive, continue to fight this fight. For those about to take my life, may God have mercy on all of your souls. God bless you all." We'll be back in a moment.    
                
