We Have History Together



                    			1 Previously on The Vampire Diaries  DAMON: You left your son.  - You abandoned your family. - I was ashamed!  I had to get out.  SYBIL: It's beautiful.  ELENA: My necklace.  I thought I'd never see it again. Thank you.    You want your freedom in exchange for these two girls.  STEFAN: I'll do it. Just let the girls go.  I could become the Ripper that you want.  - You'd turn your humanity off? - For a short time, yes.  I predict that, after a year with me, you won't want to leave.  When it's over, you let me and my brother go.  I made a deal. I serve him for a year and then I'm done.  CAROLINE: What are you going to do?  You're gonna want to get under the hood  and flip that humanity switch, Stefan.  Won't be so painful.  Hi.  I'm Damon.  And I have anger issues.  ALL: Hi, Damon.  MAN: Why don't you tell us about what brought you  to the meeting today?  Well, I got my brother this job  Actually, I asked for the job.  Yeah. Through my connections.  Anyway, our boss gave Stefan new orders.  And now, we're supposed to push people  to make evil choices, and only then do we  kill them and send their souls to the devil.  I thought we were going for like, a  - a veiled analogy. - Oh, they're all compelled.  Clarity over cleverness. That's what I always say.  You've literally never said that before.  Anyway, since he got this new job,  - he's been difficult. Full of himself. - Okay.  He's just jealous because I'm better at finding new clients.  For instance. Who would you say is the worst person in this room?  Huh? Meg or Elizabeth?  You both have said some pretty awful things. I'm sure that,  given the right opportunity,  one of them would make an evil choice.  Small potatoes. I don't even think they make the cut.  - Uh - Uh! Elizabeth. Quiet.  - You too, Meg. - What about you? What if  you had to pick one person to die?  Who would it be? Meg or Elizabeth?  - Wait, stop right there. - What if it was between you  and Meg?  Would you want Meg to die?    Answer the question honestly.  Yes.  I would want her to die  instead of me.  Whoa.  What if both  Meg and Elizabeth had to die, in order  for you to live?  Then I'd want them both to die.  Whoa. What if we threw in everybody?  Choose between yourself and these people.  I want to live.  I don't care about any of them.  Mm.  - (exhales) - STEFAN: Wow.  I think I've heard enough.  Yeah. Me, too.  (screaming)  (crunching)  DAMON: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.  I thought we were only giving Cade  the worst of the worst, like this guy.  Cade can have him.  These are mine.  What are you doing?  Meditating?  It's called self-control, Damon.  No dripping blood equals no temptation.  I'm doing it right this time.  Heads will remain intact.  That's a very fine line.  - Or a very fine neck membrane. - You know,  your lack of faith in me is really starting  to get on my nerves.  I'm just saying, you have a Ripper history.  Are you sure you want to keep testing the blood-soaked waters?  That's why it's called history.  It won't repeat.  I'm all good.  (exhaling)  (crunches)  Yeah. I can see that.   CAROLINE: Dear Elena,  Sorry it's been a while.  Three weeks, to be exact.  By now Bonnie's probably filled  pages and pages about how amazing Paris is.  And Ric promised he'd write to you  from his self-imposed witness protection with our kids.  That leaves me, catching up on work projects  and trying not to think about the past.  Which is ironic, considering where my boss sent me today.  (giggling, indistinct chatter)  By the way, Mystic Falls High School  looks exactly the same as when you last saw it.  I'm sure you've noticed there's someone missing  from this entry.  Stefan is with Damon now.  I don't know where he is, or what he's doing,  but I know it isn't good.  So I'm doing everything I can  to think about other things instead.  Like I said,  there's always work.  Yeah. I'm, like, an embedded journalist,  only in history class.  Slow news day?  Yeah. The school's doing  a big ramp-up for Founder's Day.  They specifically requested me, for the alumni angle.  But I was just calling to see what you were doing for lunch.  You know? I could save you a seat in the cafeteria.  Raincheck.  I'm on my way out to the Armory  to deliver the St. John box that Tyler left behind.  Just doing Ric a favor.  You doing okay?  I'm fine.  You know, this is only temporary.  All of this is temporary.  I'll tell you what.  If you sneak into Coach Lyman's office  and write something really rude in his playbook,  drinks are on me tonight at the Grill.  "Something rude" like impolite,  or "something rude" like really disgusting?  - Dealer's choice. - (chuckles) You're on.  (school bell ringing)  Ugh!  I do not miss that sound.  Yeah. Me neither.  - Happy embedding. - (chuckles)  Thanks. Talk to you later.  (phone beeps)  - MATT: Anybody here? - (door closes)  Hello?  You must be Matt.  I'm Dorian.  Yeah. Ric said you'd be in charge  while he was on his sabbatical.  You mean while he's hiding his kids from the sirens.  He told me what really happened to Georgie.  Said he wanted to give me fair warning  about who I'd be fighting against  if I stayed.  Welcome to the circle of trust.  Seline murdered my friend.  I mean to figure out how to get payback.  And since our only weapon is currently  traveling through Paris  - You mean the tuning fork? - Actually,  it'sitctually called the staff of Arcadius.  Cade's enemies forged it in the fire  - that killed him. - If you say so.  Wasn't me that said so.  It was Harvey. In his journal.  Georgie had it in her car.  Seems our dead guy, Harvey, was friends with  the sirens, back in 1790.  They lured him into the Armory tunnels,  and he starved to death down there.  We found his bones a couple months ago.  DNA results got back yesterday.  Oh!  - Awesome. - Yeah. Turns out,  he was related to a family from Mystic Falls.  And through the magic that is the Internet,  I've tracked down a living descendant.  He's here to claim the remains. Hey, Mr. Maxwell.  Did you finish signing those forms?  You you two know each other?    And on top of everything she does, she even volunteered  - to organize Miss Mystic Falls. - CAROLINE: Wow!  Your teacher sure does have a lot on her plate.  Yeah, but I help her out with projects. We all do.  Everyone loves her.  Good morning, everyone.  STUDENTS: Good morning, Miss Sybil.  What are you doing here?  Well, yesterday, we finished the Revolutionary War  so today we're gonna start on the 1800s.  No. I mean, why are you masquerading  - as a history teacher? - I'm not masquerading. I give a lot  of homework. And pop quizzes, right?  You're the best teacher at this school.  Are you mind-controlling these kids?  I made them love history. Is that a crime?  Whoa, whoa, whoa. Before you try to attack me,  or call the police, or ask anyone for help,  just know that if you do, none of these kids  are gonna make it to their next class.  Can we just skip to the part where you tell me what you want?  Sure. If we skip to the part where you admit  that you would rather be doing anything  except think about what Stefan's doing right now.  Who he's murdering while his emotions are off.  And in answer to your question,  I want to teach you history.  Why else would I have told your boss  to send you here on an assignment?  The news assignment came from you.  I just said that.  You mustn't have beenbe very good student.  We're gonna have to try to remedy that.  Students, please turn to chapter three.  "Antebellum Virginia."  Ms. Forbes?  You can take a seat.    (indistinct chatter)  What about her?  - Over there. - That rich lady?  DAMON: Nah. If we sent people to Cade  just for being bad tippers,  there'd be no room left in hell.  All right, fine. Let's just go with the server then.  - She looks angry already. - We just did anger.  Besides, judging by the pool of candidates we have here,  she's probably the only one that already worships the devil.  She's hardly a challenge, Stefan.  You want a challenge, huh?  Yeah. Hmm.  Let's go with that woman, right there.  The old woman? Spilling stuff everywhere?  - What are we doing, mercy killings? - No.  The doctor helping her.  (clinking)  Well, how do you know she's a doctor and not some orderly?  Manicured nails Means she doesn't  work with her hands. Medical pager means she's on call.  Only in her 20s and already a doctor?  Huh. Must have graduated early.  Really thrown herself into her work.  - Why do you think that is, Damon? - I don't know, Stefan.  Maybe she had a brother that bored the crap out of her?  Or maybe, she's driven by something dark.  Some sort of pain in her past.  Not everybody 's a big ball of angst like you.  Maybe she's driven by something good.  Those sound like some bettin' words to me, Damon.  Oh, really? Sounds like some winnin' words to me.  Well  Only one way to find out, right?  (Damon grunts)  - Shh. - (groans)  Oh, my God. Is there a doctor here?  (Damon groans)  Vervain? Come on, man.  Don't you trust me to play along with your attempt  to corrupt the good doctor?  Well, I got to sell your hospital stay  with a little bit of actual weakness, right?  I did some Internet stalking.  So, it turns out that Tara's mom and dad  were both killed in a car accident ten years ago.  It was a hit-and-run.  They never found the driver.  I told you she was driven by something dark.  All I've heard is sad, Stefan.  I haven't heard dark.  Maybe your spidey-sense is wrong about her, pal.  Oh, my spidey-sense is doing just fine, thank you.  Listen to this.  Her parents were both organ donors  and their untimely passing saved other people's lives.  That's why Tara went intmene.  - Really? - She even volunteers her time  at an organ-transplant support group.  That's a little morbid, if you ask me.  Although actually, it's, uh  it's perfect.  I can't believe Ric agreed to let her go.  And you guys haven't seen her  - since Christmas? - MATT: No.  Yeah, I was out of town.  That's his specialty.  DORIAN: Here's another artifact that could help.  Mr. Skeleton Maxwell was a metalsmith, circa 1790.  In his journal, he made sketches of something  that he smithyed-up before he died.  Now, according to Dalton St. John,  the surviving Maxwells  made a family heirloom out of it.  That look familiar?  No, not really.  But it could have been inside the family storage box  that Damon came looking for.  Yeah. Meanwhile,  the rest of Dalton's writings  from 1883 were about Seline.  "What Seline wants."  He lists precise measurements from neck,  shoulder, lip, tongue  Yeah, I'd say he was obsessed with her.  He even measured her for a crown.  Wait, hang on.  Let me see that list.  These are all parts of a bell.  Neck, shoulder, lip, crown  They're metalworking terms.  The measurements make sense.  - DORIAN: Really? - Yeah.  The Maxwells used to be in the business  of making church bells.  That's how our family metalworks  started, back in the day.  - That's cool. - Yeah.  You got a really low bar for "cool."  Well, no diagnosis yet.  His blood work came back completely normal.  Well, I guess I always knew  something like this would happen.  Why do you say that?  STEFAN: It's just karma.  He's made a lot of dark choices in his life.  Hurt a lot of people along the way.  I don't think you should be telling me this.  You know, I can't help but think that  maybe this is all happening for a reason.  I was on an organ donor Web site today,  and I saw a list of all these people these really  deserving people just waiting in line for a transplant.  Mm. And your brother is an organ donor.  Yes, I saw that on his intake form.  Look, it doesn't do any good to speculate.  Why not?  I mean, I-I saw this one girl,  she's all the way at the top of the list.  Her name is Kassie Fowler.  Yeah, I know her.  She's a patient of mine.  She's a really good kid.  Her profile says she wants to go to developing countries  and-and build wells and get clean water.  - Mm. - It's not her fault  that her kidneys are failing. So, what,  Damon gets to waste his life  and she's not able to live hers?  I can't think like that, sadly.  As a doctor, every life has to be as important as the next.  Hmm.  Even after everything that he's done?  Well, whatever you feel about your brother's past  What if I told you that he caused seur parents' death?  What?  My parents were killed by a drunk driver.  Why would you say that?  Because you  need an opportunity.  Here's what you believe.  Damon is a drunk driver.  Damon is the one who killed your parents.  (door opening)  Stack the deck, why don't you?  Cade never said I couldn't take a shortcut.  I told you she'd be a challenge. Hmm.  What are you so pleased about?  You're supposed to be on task.  All I'm saying is maybe  some people can't be corrupted.  Maybe she's just plain good.  Mm. No one is just plain good.  You'll see.  Hey, what are you doing?  Oh, just upping your vervain intake.  What? No.  I need to create a medical emergency  in order for the rest of the game to play out.  Can you stop cheating for just one second?  Damon,  I work for the devil.  I don't have to play fair.  Mmm (grumbling)  (monitor beeping rapidly)  Who can tell me when Mystic Falls  officially became a town?  Caroline?  Do you remember anything you learned  in this incredibly ugly building,  all those years ago?  Mystic Falls was founded in 1860  when a Lockwood, a Forbes,  a Fell, a Gilbert and a Salvatore  gathered to sign the township charter.  Name-dropper. And wrong.  - (students laughing) - Those are the Founding Families.  Your ancestors took credit, yes.  But long before they picked up turkey feathers  to write that silly charter,  there were other people here.  A group of men and women who were different.  Misunderstood. Ultimately,  they burned to death because of who they were.  Are you talking about the hundred witches  who were burned at the stake here?  1790. (exhales)  I remember it like it was yesterday.  It was the most delicious smell.  The smoke lasted for hours. (chuckles)  How could you know that?  Who wants to go on a field trip?  Me, too.  The bus is outside.  And Miss Forbes,  you can sit with me.  I don't think so.  Oh, look at that,  I've perfected my long-distance technique.  Your blood isn't gonna save him,  I've told his mind to shut down.  (sighs)  If anyone dies here, your little  "apple for the teacher" act gets blown.  It might be worth it.  But for now, get up.  Consider that a warning.  Any deaths today will be your fault,  and will go on your scorecard for hell.  Coming?  SYBIL: This place has gone downhill since 1790.  CAROLINE: I always forget you're so much older than you look.  Talk to me in a couple thousand years,  we'll see how you're holding up.  Do I want to know why your last visit to this field  was around the same time  a hundred witches burned to death?  I had been traveling the region  with my sister, looking for tasty souls to feed to Cade,  and the witches took exception.  Are you saying it's your fault the witches were burned  - at the stake? - Clearly, you don't know  the full story. How the hundhud witches really died.  (sighs) Why do I feel like you're about to break into song?  Don't tempt me.  The witches gave some magical help  to a local metalsmith who was making a church bell for them.  This bell had a special purpose.  But what no one realized was that Seline and I had befriended  this metalsmith. (chuckles softly)  We threw a little wrinkle into his plan.  Wait What are they doing?  Call it extra credit.  I found some descriptions of an antique church bell  in your family estate records.  Wait, we have an estate?  Oh, we did. Most of it was sold to the town of Mystic Falls,  to try to pay off our family debt.  Grandma, she  she liked the ponies.  One more thing to be proud of.  DORIAN: Anyway, according to this,  the bell measurements are an exact match  to what Dalton St. John wrote about.  That's what Seline was looking for in 1883.  Why would she care about our church bell?  SYBIL: Peter Maxwell  was the last one to have his hands on that witches' bell.  Right up until he threw it off a bridge,  some 20-odd years ago.  I looked into his mind and I saw the whole thing.  Some kind of a parade, a bell hanging on a float.  The Founder's Day parade.  They ring the charter bell every year.  It's a replica.  The real one went over something  called Wickery Bridge in 1992.  Anyway, I have spent  the last three weeks  sending people into that river  to look for that bell,  and they haven't found a thing but I know  it still exists, because it can't be destroyed.  That's not ominous.  Blame the witches.  No wonder people found them so annoying.  Now, please.  No.  (sighs, squeals happily)  No, you can't be serious.  Use the whole can, children. Thoroughness is important.  Violet, stop.  Violet!  - No, everybody stop! - Uh, hello?  They're sirened. Oh,  you brought the lighter. Of course you did. Good girl.  Ooh.  - Let them go. - Any other useless demands?  I'm not gonna release them until you bring me that bell.  What do you even want this bell for?  I'm sentimental. I want it.  And I need your help to find it.  Or everyone dies, is that it?  (sighs) Well, you can't save them all.  I mean, torches, lighter fluid poof.  Yeah, I know how fire works.  (sighs)  How exactly am I supposed to find this bell anyway?  I didn't expect it would be easy.  That's why I've given you an incentive. Hmm?  His blood pressure's bottoming out.  He barely has a heartbeat.  (weakly): Tara, listen to me.  - Please don't talk. - Please.  Come closer.  Please.  Look at me.  I was never  a drunk driver.  Oh.  Sorry, Damon.  You're too weak to convince her otherwise.  Mm.  Tara.  Show him I'm right about you.  Give me a chance to redeem myself.  No matter what you do, her parents will still be gone.  Your mistakes can never be undone.  My life is worth something.  So is your death.  Think about how much good you would do  for the people who actually deserve to live.  Uh  (mutters indistinctly)  (monitor beeps rapidly)  I-I think you shouldn't be in here.  His heart's already failing.  Maybe we should just wait it out.  I took an oath to help people.  I understand, I do.  But here's what I can't stop thinking about.  You fix Damon's heart,  you get him back up on his feet again.  Then he goes back to drinking.  Then one night he gets behind the wheel,  causes another accident.  Someone else's parents die.  Or maybe this time it's a couple of kids.  We can't predict the future.  I know, but we can judge the past.  How many times does Damon have to show us who he really is  before we actually believe him?  I understand your struggle, I really do.  Trying to be perfect for everyone  when all you want to do is make a choice for yourself.  This is not about me.  Yes, it is, because you are in charge.  So follow your instincts,  and do what you think is right.  (Damon mutters indistinctly)  I-I think you should leave.  Now.  Tara  I'm sorry.  Did you hear me?  I  Tara  It's I  I'm sorry for what I did.  I appreciate you saying that  but it's just not enough.  Uh no  DAMON: I wish I could go back and change it,  but I can't.  I'm so sorry for all that I've done.  No, listen to me.  Killing me won't change the past.  No, but it'll change your future.  Oh  (weakly): No.  Don't do it, Tara.    (monitor flatlining)  (monitor flatlining)  (exhales)  Time of death 2:47 p.m.  (chuckles)  (sighs)  That figures.  Matt, when's the last time you saw your dad?  I'm with him right now.  You sound stressed. You okay?  I'm fine. I just need to get Sybil the antique bell  that your dad threw off Wickery Bridge.  Wait, slow down, you lost me after "I'm fine."  (sighs) When your dad lived in Mystic Falls,  he took our charter bell to Wickery Bridge,  and then threw it off the railing.  And now Sybil wants it back.  She says it's got sentimental value, or something.  - Wait, when was this? - 1992,  according to the head-dive Sybil did on your dad.  - Yeah, that makes sense. - CAROLINE: Why?  Wickery Bridge is where Elena's parents drove the car off the road.  When the sheriffs dredged out the car,  they found something else  The old charter bell.  It was broken, but they saved it.  Well, let's hope they didn't sell it on eBay.  No, your mom had it in storage.  I only know this because I cleaned out her office  after the funeral.  All those boxes you brought over to the house,  - they're still in the garage. - Take me there. Now.  Caroline, don't do it.  You need to get away from her.  I don't have a choice, Matt.  These kids are gonna kill each other.  What kids? Where are you?  Matt, hey, if you try to stop her  from helping me, I send a psychic command,  and my students die anyway.  If you come over to her house,  my students will die.  If I find out that anyone  - is trying to interfere - Ugh! God, we get it.  (phone beeps)  You really should have been a teacher.  Hmm. Maybe that'll be my second career,  after you get me that bell.  Hey, maybe you should have told the sheriff's department  what's really going on.  They know it's urgent. They'll call as soon  as they hear from the bus company.  Besides, we know Sybil's field trip  was headed near Mystic Falls.  We're going in the right direction.  All because she wants a bell.  I've never heard of anything so insane.  Says the guy who threw it off the bridge.  I mean, what were you thinking, anyway?  - I was thinking about the parade. - What?  The Founders Day parade.  You know, the one where they put the charter bell  on a float, and some rich guy rings it  while two dumbasses stand on either side of him  wearing moldy Civil War uniforms?  I was one of the dumbasses in the parade.  Well, at least I was supposed to be.  So you wanted to get the parade cancelled?  - Classy. - No, Matt, it's not just that.  Our family made that bell. The Maxwell family.  The very first family with a skilled trade  that brought people to this area.  It's because of us that there was ever  even a town at all.  But the people who took over the town,  they had money, lots of it.  They called themselves the "Founders,"  they made themselves the elite.  And they treated the Maxwell family like  like an embarrassment.  And, eventually, we became one.  That bell was a symbol  of everything they took from us.  So the bell met the river.  And I got in my car and I never looked back  until now.  (cell phone chimes)  Sheriff department.  They said only one bus went out on a field trip today.  There's a GPS link to that address.  Here. Go, go!  Hi.  I just wanted to say good-bye.  I know you tried to help my brother.  - Sorry for your loss. - Oh, don't be.  Joke's on you.  Okay, I know you must be in shock.  What if I'm not?  What if it was all a game,  and I was just giving you a morality test?  That would be insane.  And cruel.  Either way, my brother's still dead.  Oh, God.  But he died from natural causes, right?  You called me in after the fact,  so nobody knows what you did on your own.  You wanted him dead.  - You tricked me. - No, no, no.  I just wanted to see what you would do  if I gave you the opportunity.  And you lived up to your potential.  Oh, Stefan  You're dead.  Technically, you're not wrong.  Thought you'd be sleeping off a vervain hangover, Damon.  Oh, fortunately, I got a little pick-me-up  from an orderly that came to get my body.  Thanks for nothing, by the way.  You were in on it?  Be quiet. Don't try to escape.  You already failed the test.  You really think Cade's gonna want her, man?  She's not even evil.  She's done evil things.  Maybe she deserves a second chance.  (sighs) You know, I gotta say,  I'm disappointed.  Well, that's your resting state, Stefan, so what?  Now, I can see why you were confused.  Missing something?  I found this in your pocket.  You've been carrying it around  for weeks, haven't you?  So what? It's a re-gift from Caroline.  - I forgot I even had it. - You sure about that?  Ever since we hit the road, something's been off.  - Yeah, my emotions. - No, no, no.  Your sense of fun.  Why do you think I picked Tara over here  for our little game, hmm?  She remind you of someone?  Interest in medicine.  Brown eyes, brown hair.  Orphaned by tragedy.  She reminds you of Elena.  And so does this necklace.  It triggers your conscience.  It's holding you back, Damon.  - No, it's not. - Well  if that's true, then  I think she's ready to meet the boss.  Matt, I figured something out.  - About the sirens? - DORIAN: No, not exactly.  About their toys. I figured it out from Dalton's measurements.  The Maxwell heirloom and the tuning fork,  those things fit together to make a clapper,  the hammer that swings inside a bell.  So those three missing things,  they're all a part of one bell.  When properly assembled, this bell becomes,  like, a mystical, witchified super-bell.  I mean, it makes you wonder what happens when you ring it.  If the sound of the tuning fork hurts the sirens,  imagine that magnified by a thousand.  Oh, wow, that's cool, right?  Matt? Matt, you there?  Yeah, I gotta call you back.  Hey  Hey, hey, listen. Look  you need to back away, okay?  Hey. Hey!  She's not gonna listen to you.  None of them will. Sybil's controlling them.  Help me untie 'em, now.  Not seeing anything bell-shaped.  Looks like you haven't even  bothered to open  half these boxes.  I didn't have the heart to,  but you wouldn't understand that, would you?  No, I wouldn't.  Never had a garage.  Hang on.  What does it say?  (chuckles)  "Hey, sissy.  “Looking for something?  Seline."  Now I know why she kept organizing my house.  (exhales)  (sighs)  I'm suddenly feeling the need to vent.  (grunts)  (grunts)  Here, go.  Matt, look out!  Go, go, go, go!  It's okay.  You finished your assignment.  Sybil's done with all of you now.  I think I figured it out.  It's not that you're trying to screw things up.  - Thanks. - It's more submerged.  It's more subconscious than that.  What are you talking about?  Despite your best efforts, your humanity keeps  flickering through  because of this  little reminder.  Reminders cause problems.  I told you it doesn't mean anything to me.  And I don't believe you.  - Why not? - You seem troubled.  You're not enjoying our work.  Oh, my God, you are so full of crap.  Fine, then prove me wrong.  Prove that the past is behind us.  Prove to me that you  don't care.  I don't.  Won't you   Happy?  Almost.  You forgetting something?  (sighs)  Fine.  Fine.  (tires screech)  Won't you   Follow me   Into the jungle?   Yeah   Ain't no god   Won't you follow me into the jungle?   Ain't no god on these streets   In the heart of the jungle   Oh, Lord, child   Won't you follow me into the jungle?   MATT: A bus just picked the kids up.  They didn't remember a thing.  I told them there was a carbon monoxide leak  on their way here and that their old bus  was getting towed.  That's good, very thorough.  Yeah, I know a lot about making excuses.  Matt.  Hey!  Hey, listen, what you, what you heard from me today,  and over the last few weeks, those aren't excuses.  They're details about the worst mistake of my life.  Don't make the same mistake I did, son.  Don't walk away from your family.  You know what? Growing up,  out of all my friends, I was the only one whose family  didn't have a legacy in Mystic Falls,  so I felt like an outsider in my own town.  And then I find out our family has a history, after all.  That could've changed  everything for me  but you never gave me a chance to know about it.  (clears throat)  (car engine revs)  (door opens and closes)  (screams)  (shouts)  Let me guess.  That was Matt telling you he managed to save  my history students from burning.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, before you get any of my blood  on those stupid, little,  pointy-toe boots,  you'd better be 1,000% sure  that I'm not still linked  to your children.  What do you mean?  We spent a lot of time together  on that little road trip we took.  It was plenty of time for me to plant  an off switch in their brain  and I can drop them at any second,  so you better not piss me off.  Yeah, you're lying.  Stefan made sure  my kids would be safe.  Are you certain that he thought  of every possible loophole  when he was bargaining his soul away?  I mean, the only way you'll really find out  is if you try to hurt me and roll the dice.  Is that what you want to do, Caroline?  You want to gamble with your children's lives?  Hmm, you know, you seem  so rational when it comes to your daughters' safety,  except you still plan on marrying a Ripper.  How do you not see that as putting their lives in danger?  By the time I marry Stefan,  he will be the man that I have always loved.  He's gotten through Ripper sprees before.  Yet every single time,  he manages to find a way to fall off  the wagon  every single time.  Do you know what the definition of insanity is?  It's doing the same thing  over and over again and expecting a different result.  (chuckles)  I just hope that the next time he goes Ripper,  your kids aren't in the house.  (exhales)  (sighs)  DAMON: Psst.  Uh, if you got any questions,  the C.O. can show you our permit.  You find anything valuable around here?  Candy wrappers and fast-food bags.  Well, that doesn't help my existential crisis.  I was driving through here  last night with my brother.  We got into a heated moment  and threw something out the window.  Maybe he should help you look for it, then.  Oh, he took the morning off from work.  DAMON: Besides, he doesn't want me to have this thing, anyway.  Honestly, I don't even know why I want it.  'Cause whenever I have it, I just feel  better.  In that case, it sounds like  - your brother's kind of a jerk. - He can be.  You got any siblings?  Only child.  Lucky you.  Never have to worry about other people's mistakes.  INMATE: Your brother's a troublemaker?  DAMON: He's keeping it together.  Relatively speaking.  Which is a good thing  'cause things are weird right now.  My brother takes a turn for the worse  all bets are off.  Do scars make the man?   Well, well, sometimes people bounce back.  Do you want me wounded and hardened   By doing penance, like you?  My head in the sand   One wrapper at a time?  My fist up in defiance   It beats leaving 'em on the ground.  Is that what you understand?   Am I too good   -  -  To be gone   Beginning the ending   For too long   Have we gone too far?   Have we lost our minds?   Imitating the seasons   And we fall behind   Have we gone too far?   Hey.  Have we lost our minds?   Imitating the seasons   In case you're right.  And we fall behind   Have we gone too far?   Have we lost our minds?   Imitating the seasons   And we fall behind   - (sucking) -  Have we gone too far?   Have we lost our minds?   Imitating the seasons   And we fall behind   Have we gone too far?   Have we lost our minds?   Imitating the seasons   And we fall behind   Have we gone too far?   Have we lost our minds?   Imitating the seasons   (footsteps)  And we fall behind   (sucking, crunching)  Have we gone too far?   Have we lost our minds?   Imitating the seasons   And we fall behind   (panting)  Am I too good   -  To be gone  - (Stefan panting)  Beginning the ending for too long.       
                
