Hello, Brother



                    			1 Previously on The Vampire Diaries  Whatever's inside that vault,  promise me you won't set free.  We need to know exactly what we're dealing with  so we can fight it.  You can't fight it.  Do I even want to know?  Will it deter you from going in?  Nope.  Then, no, you don't.  - I can help you. - I need you  - to let me go. - (door beeps)  CAROLINE: Dear Elena, we were so close.  Stefan and I had finally worked through our problems.  Bonnie and Enzo were on the verge of being happy.  And then it all changed.  - ELENA: Damon. - Elena?  - Where are you? - Right here.  DAMON: It only hurts at first.  Then after that, it's kind of fun.  (scream echoes)  - CAROLINE: I'm worried about Bonnie. - Enzo!  She lost the two people closest to her.  And she can't even do a locator spell to find them.  Her magic never came back.  STEFAN: It was three months before we heard  the first rumor.  A string of missing persons on the West Coast.  But then the numbers kept growing.  It's them. I know it.  Never gets old, does it?  Well, it sure as hell hasn't yet.  Turn tin to gold   I want pure energy   Why do you drag me to these dumb superhero movies?  There's too many.  I can't keep track of who's who.  Their names and their outfits  and who flies and who turns to ice,  - who poops fire it's too much. - (chuckles)  Well, that's why you have me.  Okay, well, now we're on overload. I'm done.  Then I'm done with your dystopian teen crap movies.  We don't need them either.  (scoffs)  Okay, fine,  maybe I'll do one more superhero.  You know, to be honest,  I'm just glad the whole vampire craze is over.  Ugh. (gasps)  - CINDY: Watch out! - (tires screeching)  What the hell?  I almost hit that guy. What's he doing in the middle of the road?  (gasps) Look out!  (tires screeching)  He's dead.  Oh, no no.  (clapping)  First of all, let me applaud you  on your quick reflexes.  The way you just whipped by me, it was impressive.  (groans)  (bones crunch)  What is this?  This is what is known as a slow night.  I thought we'd go with the old guy in the road standby,  and you almost got by us.  Yeah, maybe it's time we, uh, let this one go.  (neck cracks)  It hurts.  (grunts)  What do you want?  We could use a ride.  It's the least you could do.  DAMON: Come on.  I'll drive.    DAMON: Okay, a little backstory  because it's only fair My friend here, Enzo, and I  are the unwilling employees  Not really employees.  Yeah, more like slaves, serfs, lackeys.  - Renfields. - I hate that reference.  We'll just call it mind control.  Our job is to bring the worst of humanity, the dregs of life,  and bring them here.  So, between the two of you, who's worse?  Come on. (snaps fingers)  Winner gets a prize.  What's the worst thing you've ever done in your life?  I stole makeup from a drugstore once.  Some blush and lipstick.  Try harder.  What's the worst thing  you've ever done in your life?  I slept with my best friend's boyfriend.  That's a little better.  Eight times.  You're doing something wrong, pal.  So, what's the worst thing you've ever done?  One time, I stole all my nana's pain pills  and sold them for 50 bucks a pop.  While she was dying of cancer.  I think we have a winner.  What do I win?  You get to die the most painful, excruciating death imaginable.  - And me? - We grant you mercy.  You'll die quick.  It'll be over before you  (gasping, groaning)  I'll deal with this one.  You do the honors?  Of course.  Say good-bye to your family   This way.  Come on.  Just see it's no fair, just see it's no fair   Just see it's no fair   There are lions in here.   (softly): No, no, no.  Easy, my friend.  (crying): Oh, God, no.  Hey.  Stay calm.  Shh.  No use in making a scene in your final moments.  I don't want to die.  Yeah, I know. And I don't particularly want to kill you.  But sometimes we have to do  things we don't like.  (mechanical whirring)  What's down there?  Don't really know.  You don't have to do this.  Please.  That's where you're wrong.  I don't have a choice.  (groaning)  (mechanical whirring)  (groaning)  (gasping)  Help help me!  (gurgling)  (mechanical whirring)  Want to watch some TV?  Nah, I was just gonna read for a little while.  All right, night then.  Night.   BONNIE: Dear Elena,  for the next week,  you'll be reading updates from me.  Caroline, Stefan and I decided that  only one person should have to write about  our epic failure at a time.  Believe me, you won't want to  read three versions of the same sad story  when you wake up.  The search for Damon and Enzo goes on and on,  and we're no closer to knowing where they are  or who, or what, took them.  We promised each other we'll find ways  to steal small moments of normal every day.  That's how we'll all stay sane.  But it's just you and me talking right now,  and I need to tell you:  it's hard.  It's the hardest thing I've had to do in my whole life.  ENZO: Darling, your guitar playing would send Odysseus  sailing in the other direction.  BONNIE: No idea what that means, but screw you.  (strums discordant chord)  - (string breaks) - (chuckles)  Right.  Let me save you from yourself.  (both chuckle)  I broke it.  Have you really never read The Odyssey?  Is that the one with Helen of Troy?  Not quite.  (tunes string)  (quietly): Thank you.  How can you love such a terrible guitar player?  Because one day you'll play like a Siren.  And on that day, I know you'll love me forever.  Why's that?  Only true love  can make you conquer your absolute lack of skill.  - (clicks tongue) - Come here.  CAROLINE: And then she cut  their sandwiches into the shapes  of little hearts and stars.  With no crust. (scoffs)  That's cute.  Isn't it?  I'm just saying, if Ric had hired the old lady nanny,  then my kids wouldn't be wasting perfectly good parts  of the sandwich.  Millions of people in this world go hungry every single day  while our hot nanny  is getting all sparkly with their food.  Sounds like you're worried she's getting "sparkly" with Ric.  Well, yeah.  He's running the Armory  every minute he's away from Lizzie and Josie.  Sleeping on a futon and probably not eating  full square meals.  Ooh, maybe  he's eating the sandwich crusts.  What I mean is,  he's susceptible to hot nanny charms.  We need to look out for him.  You know, he's in a delicate place.  (sighs) So what's on deck for today?  Well, I'm going back over all the Central State  Missing Person Reports for the last four weeks  to see if I missed a pattern.  Great.  I will follow up with the local affiliates.  Maybe today will be better.  (softly): Yeah.  Bye.  Bye.  Stefan, they found a body.  All those people  that we've been tracking, and now there's a body.  That's good, right?  It's better than yesterday.  Daddy, when can we come to work and see your toys?  You can come see the toys when you turn 18.  Will you put Seline on, please?  Okay, you two, go get your swimsuits.  I blew through Caroline's Monday to-do list.  Anything else you need?  Uh, just one more of you.  Any chance you're a doppelganger?  Should I know what that is?  Not even remotely.  Hey, one of my interns is summoning me.  I have to go.  Make sure no one drowns.  Got it.  You got something?  We got something.  Come on.  Georgie and I have been playing around in the vault  for a couple weeks now,  trying to figure out how someone could get out of it  without anyone seeing.  Now, she told me I shouldn't show you what we found  until you tell us what supernatural thing  escaped from it.  I told you. It's just a theoretical exercise.  I've been running this place for only a couple months now,  and I just want to know all about its nooks and crannies.  Right.  Mother of (gasps)  Dorian, uh  We need to find a better signal.  Or you need to be less jumpy.  So? Did you spill any secrets?  No secrets to spill.  I told you, this is just a  Theoretical exercise. Yeah, got it.  So, are you ready for us to theoretically blow your mind?  I think so.  All right, so check it.  Every little crevice in here leads nowhere, right?  Just walls, dirt and dead-ends.  No one's getting out without a spoon  and a hundred years of digging.  May I?  So, my cousin had this thing  where she lost her hearing and eyesight real young,  but she became brilliant  at finding her way around,  because all her other senses were so heightened.  Which got me thinking. Come this way.  - There we go. - All right,  now you're gonna let your fingers do the walking.  Go ahead.  Find your way out.    - What is this? - He's got it.  GEORGIE: Yes!  (grunts) Yes!  (footsteps approaching)  Dumped the girl.  Why? She could have been dessert.  You know the rules.  Last night was pushing it.  It wants real evil, not these  lightweight losers we've been feeding it.  Yeah, you should get on that.  I'm trying.  Which is more than you're doing.  Hey, this is a really good book.  (sighs)  How long is this bad-guy slaughter going to last?  How many more bodies will it take before this is over?  (singsongy): It can hear you.  It can get into our minds. It knows how I feel.  Well, there's no reason to go out of your way to aggravate it.  (sighs)  Do you have any control left?  Me, I'm down to about  I don't know, two percent.  No free will needed. I have flipped my switch.  Humanity off.  I'm on full cruise control.  I recommend it.  Oh, so you really have nothing left inside?  Just my winning sense of humor  and a renewed appreciation for chick-lit.  I'm sorry, did we wake you?  When does this end?!  How many more bodies till you're full?  Yelling never gets you anything.  Try asking nicely.  (screams)  (screaming)  (screaming, gurgling)  (panting)  Get an answer?  STEFAN: Look, I know it's not much, but it's a lead.  I mean, all those missing people along the trail  we've been following, and this is the first time  a body has surfaced.  Probably because it has nothing to do  with what we're looking for.  Yeah, well, I can't let myself think like that.  I have to treat every single clue  like it's the one that's gonna lead us to them.  Stefan  every time we do this, I let myself hope a little.  And when we end up  back at zero, my heart crushes in on itself  a little bit more.  I don't know how much my heart has left, you know?  Bonnie  no one Not Caroline, not Elena  No one knows how to fight longer or harder  or better than you.  If you give up,  I won't have anything left to hold on to.  Please don't give up.  Of course.  But  don't ask me to have hope.  Hope hurts.  I don't want to hurt anymore.  (water dripping)  I can't believe you guys found this.  DORIAN: It's an optical illusion.  You can't see or hear your way out.  Your sense of touch has to be completely isolated.  Bananas, right?  So where's the tunnel go?  DORIAN: We don't know yet.  That's why you're here.  Unless you're, like  claustrophobic or something.  No. No.  Let's just start walking.  (phone ringing, indistinct chatter)  Hey.  Hi.  - Hi, girls. - Mommy!  Hi.  Sorry we're early.  Oh, it's okay. (chuckles)  Oh, some guy named Pete from sound  dropped this off for you a few minutes ago.  - Thank you. - No problem.  You guys all good while I go grab a salad?  Yep. Enjoy your salad.  Bye.  She probably likes kale, too.  What's kale?  You don't want to know.  What movie is that, Mommy?  CAROLINE: This is a work movie  that Mommy's been waiting for.  The sound was broken, so Pete had to fix it.  All right, that is  Aunt Bonnie's friend Enzo.  This is a movie about him trying to learn about  a magical creature.  And that is  Princess Virginia St. John,  who used to be locked in a tower.  And she's the only one in the whole kingdom  who knows the secrets of the creature we're looking for.  But the princess escaped, and now  no one can find her.  Now, tell me what it is.  (feedback screeching)  Too loud.  - Oh, yeah, sorry. - (feedback stops)  The movie's boring, Mommy.  Well, it's not boring.  It's just  broken.  GEORGIE: What was that back there?  I've never seen an archeologist afraid to explore a tunnel.  I am not an archeologist.  Come on.  You're practically Indiana Jones.  Yeah, that's the former me.  Before I had two daughters  who expect me to come home in one piece.  Ah, the new me is an academic geek only.  Dad me.  I like to avoid dangerous situations.  Plus, you know, you've been doing this as long as I have,  you learn that rarely is a secret tunnel just a tunnel.  (sighs)  Okay, watch your step.  (stones clattering)  Case in point.  Whoa.  What is this?  Looks like a geek gold mine.  (indistinct police radio chatter)  STEFAN: Excuse me.  Oh, come on.  It took me four hours  to get control of the scene from the local idiots.  Now they're letting press past the tape?  We're not press.  We're not anyone.  But tell us what you know.  Female victim, strangled, then exsanguinated,  or maybe vice versa.  Brace yourselves, it ain't pretty.  We found blood on the grille, not matching her type.  Blood in the road over there, also not her type.  (flies buzzing)  Her car is dented,  like she hit a deer, maybe a mountain lion.  Or a person.  Teeth marks above the collarbone,  ligatures on her neck  from the wire.  That's not wire.  It's guitar string.  It's just a lot of empty land.  Farms.  The gas odometer only had three miles on it.  That's strange.  Maybe that means something?  There was a news story about this area  a couple months ago.  Some locals cried miracle  when a nearby creek ran red with blood.  Turns out  there's a slaughterhouse with a drainage issue nearby.  They closed it down.  How far from the crime scene?  Exactly three miles.  I'll go check it out. I'll call you back.  (phone beeps)  (sighs)  Tell me what it is.  - (feedback screeches) - Ugh, God.  (phone ringing)  Hey, I'm walking out the door right now.  Oh, no, no rush. You're not late yet.  But have you heard from Alaric?  His phone's been going straight to voice mail all afternoon.  I haven't, but I can try his office.  Hold on.  Is everything okay?  Oh, yeah, fine.  The girls are playing hide and seek,  only where they both hide and no one seeks.  Yeah, check their closet. It's their go-to.  BRODY: This is Brody.  Hey, Brody, it's Caroline.  I'm looking for Ric, is he around?  - (door opens) - Oh, wait. Here he is.  Okay, thanks, just  Can you have him call me when he gets out?  - BRODY: Okay, I will. - Okay, bye.  Yeah, Seline, he's okay.  He's just geeking out on the job.  That's weird.  You don't think the girls would leave the house, do you?  Why? What's wrong?  The front door just blew open.  I thought it was Ric, but  Caroline  someone's in the house.  Seline?  (stairs creaking)  (girl giggles)  (door creaks)  (girl whispers indistinctly)  (girl giggles)  Hi, Mommy.  Hi, babies.  Don't move, okay?  Stay here.  (sighs)  Come on.  Come on!  (sighs) Good.  (exhales)  Dorian's bringing more work lights.  This room is wild.  I mean, anything subterranean should have  evidence of erosion.  The moisture from the earth alone  should have eaten through most of these artifacts,  but everything is perfectly preserved.  Yeah.  Just like in the pyramids.  Oh, boy.  Except for that guy.  Whoever he was.  I wouldn't touch that.  Let's just leave everything alone.  I mean, if everything has been undisturbed  for as long as I think it has,  I'd hate to expose these artifacts  until we seal the space.  Your geek brain makes you super hot.  You know that?  Uh, Georgie  don't think that I don't appreciate it,  but I'm pretty much  closed for business.  You know, it's just me and my kids  and no distractions.  Dad you.  Yeah, yeah. Exactly.  Well, that's a shame. I had to try.  Sexy dark tunnel,  magical room, et cetera.  Professor S, Caroline's been calling.  Says it's an emergency.  I just walked in.  BONNIE: They're still processing the scene.  It shouldn't be much longer.  What is that?  Looks like candle wax.  Everything okay?  I'm on my way.  (phone beeps)  Damon.  DAMON: Stefan.  Hello, brother.  (chuckles softly)  What is all this?  What are you doing?  Daily chores.  What was in that vault, Damon?  What has ahold of you?  Eh, it doesn't matter what has me.  Only that I've been had.  You should be proud of me.  Killing bad people.  Where's Enzo?  Go home, Stefan.  We're all good here.  In a slaughterhouse?  Surrounded by death.  It's who we are, brother.  It's who we've been for 160-some years.  I know you think it's still worth the fight  to live the illusion of your heroic life,  but I'm officially done.  You flipped your switch, didn't you?  Always the quick one.  I can help you get your humanity back.  I know you can, and I don't want it.  I've seen how this ends, and believe me,  humanity can't  save me from it.  What are you talking about?  I'm talking about hell, brother.  Not the kind of hell  that traps you in a stone.  Fire and brimstone hell.  I've seen it.  I met it up close.  Tasted it, touched it.  It's beyond its reputation.  You're not making any sense.  Okay.  You need to go. It doesn't want you yet.  Walk out of here with your hero hair intact,  and never come back.  Not without you.  Okay, so obviously this is a little bit awkward,  but after a good night's sleep,  you should wake up none the wiser. (chuckles)  The girls are in the car.  After dinner, take them for ice cream.  Be gone at least two hours.  Got it?  We'll get some hot fudge sundaes.  Yeah.  Okay.  Wake up!  (grunts)  I said wake up.  You have 30 seconds to explain why you came after my kids.  And then 30 more seconds to answer a few questions  about that stupid vault.  Go.  You let them open the vault.  I told you not to open it.  Yeah, well, joke's on us.  15 seconds.  It has come for them.  (gasps sharply)  No, no, we are not playing this game.  What is it?!  What does it want with my children?!  - What? - (retches)  Oh, my God.  That's your tongue.  STEFAN: Don't do anything you might regret.  Think about Elena.  I'm trying to explain to you, Stefan,  Elena doesn't matter to me anymore.  Why?  Because you flipped your switch?  I ripped the switch off the wall.  There is no switch, Stefan, because there is no hope.  Every drop of blood I ever spilled,  every body I've ever drained,  every bad decision I've ever made sealed my fate.  My path and Elena's path, they're not the same.  Her great beyond is a decidedly happier one than mine.  Now for the last time, go.  I said no.  Get him in the car while I find Enzo.  We have to leave. It's not safe.  We're not leaving without Enzo.  You need to leave now, Stefan, before Damon is forced  to do something no one is going to like.  Let me go, Damon!  (softly): Go.  Fine.  Let her go, and we'll be on our way.  Till we meet again, Bon.  Enzo.  DAMON: Don't you two get it?  You think you can win against this thing?  You can't.  My life is over.  My life has been over  for a century and a half, Stefan.  Since you took it from me.  Let's get out of here.  I tried to heal her, but she just kept  bleeding out until she was dead.  I couldn't even get any information out of her.  One tunnel.  I decide to go down one simple tunnel,  and instead of being available for my kids  who are under attack, I'm out of range.  I mean, are we doing this all wrong?  Should we just never leave their sides for the rest of their lives?  (chuckles) I don't know.  We don't know how to do it right, clearly, or someone  wouldn't have tried to assassinate our nanny tonight.  It's because we're divided.  I live 30 minutes away in a crappy apartment.  We share custody.  I'm just too far away to help you out.  You want to move back into town?  No, I want to move in here.  (sighs)  Ric  I want us to be a family and a team,  yes, but, we can't live together.  Okay, I didn't say I thought you should stay.  That's crazy.  (chuckles)  This is my childhood home!  Where am I supposed to go?  You know exactly where you should go.  And you've wanted to be there for months now,  but out of respect for my feelings,  - you haven't done it yet. - Ric  Caroline,  I want you to be happy.  Okay, I want our girls to be happy.  And one of these days, I plan on being happy, too.  Look  we can't escape this life, Care.  So shouldn't we make sure we're at least living it right?    (car approaching)  You haven't said a word.  I know that was hard.  But that wasn't Enzo.  That wasn't Damon. They're not in control.  But all those clues  The guitar string and the odometer  Enzo left them for me.  I know it.  He wanted us to find them.  Next time, we'll get them back from whatever it is  that has ahold of them.  Not 12 hours ago, you were telling me  have hope.  You were right.  He said it was my fault.  He's said it before, so I don't know why it hurt so much.  This time, it feels like  he may never forgive me.  Maybe you were right, this morning.  No.  No, you were right.  You told me there was hope.  Now, just take a minute,  pull yourself together and go find yours.  (car door opens, closes)  ENZO: You really never read The Odyssey?  BONNIE: Is that the one with Helen of Troy?  "In the meantime, our good ship,  with that friendly breeze to drive her,  fast approached the Sirens' isle."  Oh. I think I remember this.  The Sirens lured the sailors into shore with their song  before they ate them.  More importantly, this book is one of  the greatest love stories of all time.  You're an incurable romantic, aren't you?  When it comes to you, love, I would never stop fighting.  I would brave the oceans and sail past the Sirens  to find my way back to you.  ENZO: "Meanwhile, I took a large round of wax,  cut it up small with my sharp sword,  I took all my men in turn and plugged their ears with it."    ENZO: "Then they bound me hand and foot,  standing me up by the step of the ship's mast  and then lashing me to the mast itself."  DAMON: I am a fan of the homegrown art community.  You know, the wine is dreadful,  but the people are nice.  You know, I couldn't help but notice in your work  that you express a certain  inner struggle.  Darkness and light.  A burdened brain,  if you will.  You really enjoy exploring themes  of sin and redemption.  Hmm. You're very astute.  Not many people in these parts get it.  True.  But you should know  that there is no such thing as redemption.  Because it only takes one bad day,  one bad decision, and then it doesn't matter what you do  with the rest of your life,  because once the devil comes a-calling  (clicks tongue)  you're done.  Amazing use of red, by the way.  Not every victim needs a monologue.  Well, we don't know that he's our guy yet.  It might be a misunderstanding.  See, here's the thing.  My friend here and I have a particularly innate  sense of smell, not to mention  an immense appreciation for blood,  and we just couldn't help but notice  that the red that you use,  very liberally, I might add Maybe a bit too on the nose  Has a very familiar scent.  (inhales sharply)  Care to explain to my friend and I  why you are indeed painting with human blood?  And more importantly,  what the hell did you do to the person you got it from?  Go ahead.  Whisper in his ear.  Night after night   After night, we're double sixing it   Night after night   What is it with Middle America and evil?  Stay with us.  Don't say anything.  Enzo.  Little surprised by our family visit tonight.  I thought you said we were covering our tracks.  We are.  Well, then how the hell did they they find us?  Beats me, mate. You saw for yourself,  it wants me in line, I'm in line.  It can get in your head.  And if it knows who you care about,  or who you're trying to get back to,  well, you know what can happen.  You may want to consider flipping your switch,  because if you care for nothing, it can see nothing.  Come on, boy.    STEFAN: Dear Elena,  it's not my turn, but I wanted you to hear it from me.  I think I've lost him.  All I can do is hope  that there is one small piece of his mind  tucked away someplace safe.  One final sliver of humanity holding on for dear life,  buried deep inside.  I was never alone   ELENA: I know, Bonnie. You're right.  You and my mom both are.  I just can't bring myself to tell him.  At least not tonight.  I'll call you later.  I've always been home   Katherine.  Um no. I  In the storms of the sea   I'm Elena.  Elena.  And you me   I need you.  I don't know how much longer I can fight.  So sing while we're falling apart   STEFAN: I won't give up on him.  But it's hard to hold on to hope.  Hope hurts.  Maybe tomorrow will be better.  Hey.  Hey.  Bad day?  (exhales)  So, I've been thinking.  You alone in this big house.  I wonder if maybe  you'd like someone else to fill it.  That someone would be me, by the way.  (chuckles softly)  Living here.  With you.  I mean, uh  I'm not trying to rush us, but if there's  a part of you that might want that  And now we're just   Picking up pieces   Learning how to see when   Love is in the dark   He left me all these clues  pointing to an old story about the Sirens.  You have a few more degrees than I do.  What do you know about them?  There are different origin stories.  Uh, Greek, Pagan mythologies.  I mean, all the legends are based in the same idea.  Sirens use mind control  to lure their victims to their death.  Some say they're messengers of the devil.  Something has control over them.  Do you think Sirens could be real?  To be honest, Bonnie, I  I don't know what to think anymore.  I suppose every story has to start somewhere.  BONNIE: "They bewitch everybody who approaches them.  "There is no homecoming for the man  who draws near them unawares.  (sobbing)  with their high clear song, the Sirens bewitch him"  (screams)  "as they sit there in a meadow piled high with  the moldering skeletons of men  whose withered skin still hangs upon their bones."  ALARIC: How very poetic.  BONNIE: Not just poetic. It's real.  The bodies I saw.  The clues Enzo left.  He wants us to know who the enemy is.  He wants us to help them fight it.  (exhale echoing)  (female vocalizing)  (exhale echoing)  What is that?  (female vocalizing continues)  If I had to guess, I'd say it was singing.  Well, I guess she finally had enough to eat.      
                
