Coming Home Was a Mistake



                    			1 Previously on The Vampire Diaries  STEFAN: I really hoped that when we put Sybil down,  it'd break whatever control she had over him,  but she still has ahold of him.  Turn off your humanity, pledge your loyalty to me.  If anyone can pull me back from the precipice, it's you.  I know you can.  There are two of us and you've met my sister,  - Seline. - Seline is the other siren?  You're assuming that I'm gonna let you remember this  when you wake up.  Your intern, Georgie, she broke into the house.  I mean, she's just a little weirdo, right?  - Georgie. - I'm here.  - Sorry. - Wait!  Why did you make me do that? (gasps)  By the way, send Cade my regards.  (tines humming)  If this disrupts your psychic ability,  then why is Damon still your puppet?  I gave him a look at what awaits him,  and even that was enough to make him flip his humanity switch.  Damon believes in hell.  I ripped into Tyler's throat last night.  Humanity or not, nobody would forgive you for that.    (phone rings)  Nothing else matters   In a moment   You've lived before   It's over now   (phone buzzes)  It's over now   (children laughing)  Another day without my shadow   (bad British accent): Mmm. Why, I do declare,  this is some of the best purple tea I've ever had.  - (slurping) Mmm. - (laughing)  (phone rings)  Looking for flowers in the dirt      ALARIC: Dear Elena, I don't know where to start.  (children laughing nearby)  - Hey. - Hey.  What are you doing here on your day off?  Caroline told me you and your friends lost someone.  - Yeah. - I'm happy to take  the girls for the day if you need me to.  I mean, that  that would be a huge help, actually.  Thank you.  Were you close with him?  (sighs) Yeah, he was one of us.  He was family.  I get it.  I lost my family, too.  Everyone?  I have a sister,  but we're sort of estranged.  Hmm.  Yeah. Tyler's parents died a few years ago.  He was the only Lockwood left.  Now it's just a whole legacy  just gone.  I'm sure wherever Tyler is,  he's at peace.  And he knows he was loved.  Look, I, uh  I really need to head out.  Are you sure you don't mind?  Not at all. Go.  I heard there's a carnival in town.  Thought it might be nice to take the twins.  (chuckling): Yeah. They would love that.  LIZZIE: Seline.  Hey, you two.  Come play with us.  Hi.  - Hi. - (Seline laughing)  Who can get their shoes on first?  - Me. - I can.  - I can. - (girls laughing)  That's not gonna bring him back.  Tyler deserved more  than to be collateral damage in whatever game  Sybil's playing with Damon.  Yeah. I can't even remember our last conversation.  We haven't talked in months.  We've both been so busy.  After everything we went through,  I guess I just always assumed that he would be there.  I'm at a loss with Damon.  I don't know what to do with him anymore.  Maybe the best thing to do is just to mourn Tyler  with your friends.  We all owe him that.  (sighs)  Oh, don't mind me, luv.  Something wrong?  I'm fine.  Wow.  So Damon murders Tyler Lockwood,  in cold blood, and you're fine with it.  I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your call,  but that seems like a decidedly not fine situation,  at least to me.  But that grief that you're trying damn hard to hide  is giving you this beautiful glow.  Set me free, Bonnie.  Set us both free.  I'll take you on a proper date.  Anywhere you'd like.  Paris  You can fix everything that's broken inside of me.  You can fix us.  Your wrists look a little raw.  I'll help you out.  Ah.  (groans)  (sighs)  Bonnie Bennett,  you are my saving grace.  You spelled the cabin?  You've been keeping a secret from me.  Are you a witch again?  I'm actually not.  Still don't have my magic,  but doesn't mean I can't use a magical object.  This is a dark object on loan from the Armory.  It's called a "flame of imprisonment."  Well, aren't you fancy?  It traps supernatural beings  in the space where it burns.  I can come and go because I'm the one who lit it.  And I'm the only one who can put it out.  And I won't unless you turn  your humanity back on.  Why are you suddenly taking this stand?  Because Tyler Lockwood is dead.  And I'm not gonna lose you, too.  (footsteps approaching)  What are you doing?  (groans)  Savasana.  It's restorative.  It promotes physical  and emotional well-being.  (fork tines humming)  (groans)  So not Zen.  - That's for Tyler. - To be fair,  that was more Damon than it was me.  I simply suggested that he do whatever he could  to sever his remaining ties.  (tines humming)  Georgie, where is she?  I already have another cell ready.  Labeled Siren Number Two.  Oh, wait, that's right, I can't see anything.  My psychic abilities have been neutralized.  (tines humming)  I set up an intercom system here.  So this noise and pain will haunt you  from now on, 24/7.  Welcome to your psychic hell.  (tines ringing)  (switch clicks)  (microphone feedback whines)  - Intercom's up and running. - Oh, good.  Listen, I need you to test the frequency levels  every hour on the hour.  It's incredibly important.  Can I ask why?  Well, because I believe the vibrational motion  had something to do with the formation of the tunnels.  That makes almost no sense.  Okay, how about because I said so?  Also, I got a really odd text from Georgie last night,  saying she had to leave town suddenly.  She wouldn't ditch work.  - Not while we're in the middle of all this. - Agreed.  Which is why I need you to do some digging.  Call her roommate, find out what's up.  We need to find her right away.  What about the frequency research?  Multi-task.  Test the frequency, look for Georgie.  Call me if anything strange happens.    DAMON: I was wondering when you guys  were gonna show up.  Body's probably starting to smell a little bit.  Tried to keep it as intact as I could.  But I got to admit, I got a little carried away  about the whole ripping the throat out thing.  My apologies to Donovan.  I'm sure you cleaned him up real nice.  What are you gonna do with that?  Stake me?  Go ahead, try it.  But first  Take your pick.  'Cause I'm gonna bury every one of you.  DAMON: Easy.  Underestimating me  is what got Tyler killed.  Matt Donovan.  The only living boy in Mystic Falls.  You know, it's shocking you managed to stay human this long.  Maybe I should fix that.  STEFAN: Is that why you came home, Damon?  To make empty threats?  Not empty, brother.  (grunts)  Don't move or I'll snap his neck.  Give Matt here a non-transferrable invitation  to our supernatural breakfast club.  Damon, enough.  Sweet Caroline. How many  innocent people did you kill on your no humanity bender, hmm?  Doesn't matter what you say or don't.  The devil knows what you did.  What's happened to you?  What's so surprising about this?  I'm who I've always been.  No. No, you're different.  (chuckles) Professor Ric Saltzman, everyone.  Certified genius.  Knows you better than you know yourself.  CAROLINE: Damon, just go.  Nobody wants you here.  You all despise me, right?  Just so we're clear, hmm?  I killed Tyler, you hate my guts,  our ties are severed, huh? Great.  If you thought there was any remaining opportunity  to rescue me, let this prove you wrong.  (panting)  CAROLINE: It was awful.  Like Damon's desperate for us all to hate him.  Sorry I wasn't there.  I want to be there. I just I can't leave.  Please tell me it's going better than it did yesterday.  It's worse, if that's even possible.  Drying him out didn't work. Starving him didn't work.  I played the guitar. I told him our history.  It's like talking to a brick wall.  What did it for you, when you had your humanity off?  What made you break free?  (sighs) I had to face my biggest fear.  That I wasn't worth loving anymore.  And that my mom would be ashamed of me.  I had to be reminded how much she loved me,  and then I had to want to live up to that.  Is that helpful?  Yeah.  It is.  Keep me posted.  And don't worry about not being here.  We'll give Tyler a proper good-bye when this is all over.  - Yeah, when will that be? - Soon.  I hope.  I hope so, too.  (phone beeps)  (sighs)  ENZO: Dead friend problems?  My heart bleeds for you.  All this trauma.  The burden of always having to protect everyone.  Why don't you just take me off your plate, hmm?  Why don't you just turn your humanity back on?  (sighs) Can't we both agree that my humanity was a hindrance?  I was angry, depressed.  A-A tragic poet full of darkness.  (sighs)  Where's the fun in reverting back  to an inferior version of myself?  You were a lot of amazing things, too.  You were loyal, creative,  and wildly romantic.  Mmm.  Well, you know, even if I did turn it on,  it's too late for you.  You missed Tyler's funeral.  Abandoning your friends in their time of need.  That, my dear, is cold.  I'll be back.  I'll still be here.  Thanks to you.  Remember, it's not Damon.  This is Damon under the control of a she-devil.  And we have to find a way to break her control. And we will.  I've got my interns working on it.  And, in the meantime, what, let him run wild  and kill another one of our friends?  I am trying to prevent that, you know.  Look, even if we break Sybil's hold,  once Damon realizes what he's done,  what Elena will think of him, he may not recover.  What are you suggesting?  While we figure out how to save Damon from the sirens,  we have to figure out  how to save him from himself.  We have to put him down.  For how long?  As long as we need to.  You sure?  It's for his own good.  And it's the only way that we can protect ourselves.  Well, this is a surprise.  To be clear, we're not friends,  and I'm not here to set you free.  In fact, I never want to see you again.  - Why are you here then? - Because I want answers.  I stole that hunk of junk from Donovan's mystery dad.  Burned all my bridges.  Made everybody hate me. I'm guessing  it's because you're still in my head.  And what makes you think that?  Because none of it's for me.  I can't quite understand why I have free will  and yet I'm still  your errand boy. I do things  to make you happy, and I don't know why.  Sounds like you have regrets.  Regret implies that you're not a loyal servant.  What are you talking about? I killed Tyler Lockwood.  - Of course I'm loyal. - No, you're upset  because you upset your friends.  My friends don't care about me anymore.  But you killed someone that they do care about.  That must've made them feel something.  Sure looks like it made you feel something.  Here you are, troubled, hostile.  You know what that tells me?  That you're not completely mine.  That the cold, dark heart  of Damon Salvatore felt a flash of pain  when he took Tyler Lockwood's life away.  It made you feel,  and it felt bad.  I don't feel anything anymore.  Wrong.  It's written all over your face.  Your humanity is riding that dimmer switch,  and right now it is pushing itself up.  And it feels terrible, doesn't it?  - Shut up. - Dimmer goes up,  and you'll get your feelings back.  Maybe your brother will love you again.  But, boy, will it feel awful.  And Elena's reaction to everything you've done,  let's not even think about that.  Stop talking.  Dimmer that switch back down,  and all these bad feelings and all this confusion,  it'll all disappear.  Me? I prefer Option B.  - The dimmer down. Total abandonment. - (groans)  I said shut up.  Shut up!  What do you want from me?  I want you, Damon.  All of you.  I can rewrite your subconscious, but that will only get me  so far.  I'm not going to have you  the way that I want you  while you still have  these emotional ties to your past.  Go see your brother.  Let him guide that dimmer switch up until you feel everything.  If that's how you want to live your life, go ahead live it.  Maybe you'll find some small pockets of happiness  before death delivers you to Cade.  Hey, uh, somebody just dropped this off for you.  Said he was from the Armory?  Yeah. Just, uh, put it down. I'll go through it later.  Box everything up. Room by room.  Uh, Matt, you know, we can do this tomorrow.  Or the day after, if you need time.  No, it's fine.  I'm an expert at dealing with loss, you know?  Started at a young age.  (sighs)  Yeah, I guess I deserve that.  You do and you don't.  I'm sorry. It's just  Tyler and this place  and the fact that I have vampire blood in my system.  And if I die in the next 24 hours, I'm gonna become one.  How did it come to this?  How did all this happen?  "All this"?  What do you mean? Like vampires  and vervain and  (shuddering breath)  and death?  This was my life.  This is what I dealt with.  Alone. For a long time.  This is what I wanted to escape.  So, forgive me  if I'm not in the mood to give you a history lesson.  (sighs)  TYLER: Matt, if you got this,  it means I'm dead, which sucks.  It also means I need your help finding someone.  Thought you were gone for the day.  Hey, take a look at this, will you?  Yeah.  So, the distance between Mystic Falls and the Armory  is roughly 35 miles.  Winding roads, hill country.  But I was able to walk the distance  of that tunnel in just a few hours.  Which would make it, what, seven miles?  The tunnel must cut directly under the mountains.  Right. But the walls are old.  Centuries, at least.  So who the hell built them?  And why?  Hmm.  You want me to get into it?  No. No, I'll figure it out.  - So what's the latest on Georgie? - I called her roommate.  She said all of Georgie's stuff is still in her room.  If she left, she didn't take anything with her.  Okay, I need you to call the police  and file a missing persons report.  Seriously?  It's just a precaution.  How's the frequency research coming?  You keep acting like I'm doing something scientific.  I'm literally banging a fork.  It's ridiculous, and I've learned nothing.  You ever gonna tell me what this is all about?  One day.  (carnival music playing)  (indistinct chatter, laughter)  (clinking)  Good try.  (chuckling): Almost.  This is too hard.  Oh.  (humming softly)  Why don't you give the girls  - a goldfish for their efforts? - (gasps, squeals)  We'll take that one.  Is he sick?  Aw, I think he might be dead.  But that's okay. Tell you what,  we'll take him home and give him a proper burial.  - Okay. - Okay?  (footsteps approaching)  CAROLINE: I swear,  if Seline wasn't so good with the girls, I would hate her.  She's too perfect to be a real person.  - Who's that for? - Got a text from Damon  a little while ago.  He wants to meet up at the carnival.  - Why the carnival? - I don't know.  But this is my only chance, I don't know if I'll get another  so I have to take it.  - Are you gonna need some help? - No.  I'm not putting you in any more danger, Caroline.  Two vampires are better than one, it's basic math.  I have to do this on my own.  It's the right thing.  Okay? You know it is.  He might not forgive me after this.  And I might lose him forever.  You already lost him.  (jazz music plays)  Happy New Year's, luv.  Come on, dance with me.  Hmm? Like we used to.  Oh, I remember now, all the lights,  the music, mmm.  Screw you.  You didn't buy it? Not just a little?  I'm glad you found a new way to amuse yourself.  Yeah, sorry. Can't help it.  Romance the slow burn of it all.  Oh, it was so  unbelievably saccharine.  And for what? I kept you safe  for three years and then you tried to kill me.  It looks like  you might be trying that again?  I'm gonna get through to you.  I'm gonna use your darkest fears  to pull you out of this.  Okay, well, I'm a complicated person.  In my 140 years on this Earth,  - no one's figured me out. - Oh, well.  Guess I'll die trying.  (gas splashing)  (laughing): Oh.  You think I'm afraid of fire  because Damon left me in a fire.  (chuckling): Nice try.  But no.  You're afraid of people leaving.  Period.  You're afraid of being abandoned.  The one thing that happens to you again and again.  - Everyone leaves, no one stays. - Hmm.  Well, that ends now.  'Cause I'm not going anywhere.  Yeah, well  This is a bit extreme, don't you think?  Well, desperate times call for desperate measures.  I'm not leaving until you turn your humanity back on.  I'd rather burn alive than abandon you.  (indistinct crowd chatter)  Hey, what's going on?  Gas leak, we're being evacuated.  Hello, brother.  Stefan.  I need your help.  I got to say, I'm surprised.  Last time I saw you,  you seemed pretty hell-bent on severing ties.  Yeah, in hindsight, that might have been a bit dramatic.  Well, it's a little late to take it back.  Even if Sybil made you do it.  Yeah, see, this is where it gets tricky.  I want to serve her, Stefan, I mean, I have to.  And serving her keeps me away  from the big bad devil himself.  And I want to stay away from hell  as long as humanly possible.  - By turning off your humanity? - There are worse fates.  You know I can help you.  If you let me.  You're gonna make me turn it back on.  No.  No, I-I-I-I-I don't want to do that, Stefan.  You have to.  You can't keep doing what you're doing.  Why not? Isn't this easier?  There are no amends to be made, Stefan.  I can't munch on bunnies and save people,  and work my way back to peace.  I'm hell-bound.  So, why? Tell me.  Knowing what I know, why would I ever want to feel again?  Because if we can't feel,  then what's the point of being alive, huh?  Exactly, brother.  - What's the point? - No.  I'm not buying it.  I can see your humanity trying to break through, Damon.  Come home with me.  I can help you be happy again.  How?  It'll take time and work.  But I'll be there for you.  I-I I can't, Stefan.  - I ruined everything. - Hey.  I am your brother,  and I love you.  Just come home with me.  No I can't.  (grunting)  Is that how you help me? Vervain?  I don't have any choice, you don't know what you're doing.  I know exactly what I'm doing, brother.  Humanity's gone dark.  Anything goes now.  (exhales)  ENZO: Congratulations, you nailed it.  Fear of abandonment, a textbook case.  - Now can we end this? - I'm not leaving you.  I really hope you leave at some point.  I mean, this cabin's gonna run out of food.  I really question UberEat"  ability to locate this address.  (coughing): I'm not leaving you.  - I know. I get it. - No.  (coughing)  Smoke doesn't feel good in the lungs, does it?  (sniffs)  I'm not leaving you.  And I still don't care.  Now you're just being stupid.  I'm not leaving you.  Any other last words?  (groans)  I'm  not  leaving  you.  You're as good as dead.  (groaning)  (fire roaring)  I'm not (groans)  (fire roaring, glass shattering)  Bonnie.  Bonnie, wake up.  Are we gonna bury the fish?  Yes, but in our own way.  You see, we are made up of two parts.  Our body and our soul.  See, some people are very special.  And when they die,  a man named Cade  comes to take their soul away.  - Does he take the body, too? - No.  But that doesn't mean the bodies aren't special, too.  They need to be treated with dignity  to find peace in death.  And Cade respects that.  He appreciates the effort.  Let's show him what we did.  - How? - We can call him.  But I need you to hold my hand, okay?  (Seline humming)  Did we hurt you?  Oh, not at all, you were perfect.  You took just the right amount of magic.  Now I need you to say the special word.  LIZZE AND JOSIE: Incendia.  (gasps)  Excellent job, girls.  - I think you're ready. - For what?  It's a surprise.  (fire crackling)  (Enzo coughing)  Enzo!  (coughs)  You came back to me.  ENZO: Of course I did.  Someone had to save you. (coughing)  - No No! - Bonnie.  My time.  You loved me more than anyone.  That's enough.  (coughing)  No! I'm not leaving you.  (groans)  Bonnie!  I'm sorry. Sorry.  - It's okay. (groans) - I'm so sorry.  (groans)  It's okay. It's okay. We're okay.  (panting)  I almost killed you.  I'm still here.  Look at me.  (chuckles) You're okay now.  You're okay.  And you're stuck with me forever.  'Cause I'm never leaving.    (chains rattling)    (exhales)  I'm sorry.  (lid creaking)  (sighs)  What's all this?  You don't want to know.  Try me.  Tyler was helping this girl named Virginia St. John  locate the sirens who escaped the vault.  Well, she had all this research and letters and stuff  from her great-grandfather, Dalton.  He released one of the sirens in 1883.  Then Virginia died and she willed all this to Tyler.  Then he died.  - And now - And he wants  you to take over where he left off.  I'm not the right guy for the job.  Okay? I-I ran away.  I left, you know? Tyler knew that.  Maybe he saw what I see in you now.  That you're brave.  And fearless.  Impossibly resilient.  And you got here all on your own.  No thanks to me.  (chuckles softly)  (sniffles)  (line ringing)  This is Dorian.  This is Detective Sudano, Grove Hill Police.  You were listed as a contact person for Georgina Dowling?  Is she okay?  You should come down here.  (keys jangle)  (humming)  (alarm wailing)  (continues humming)  (alarm continues wailing)  Thanks for coming.  I thought we could give the funeral another shot.  Welcome back.  (chuckles)    We're here to honor Tyler.  ALARIC: He was strong.  In the face of so much loss.  ENZO: He fought  the darkness inside himself and won.  I respected the hell out of him.  Tyler was willing to sacrifice everything for us.  He cared about all of us.  And he was my best friend.  He was so much more than a small-town kid  and he lived so much more than a small-town life.  I loved him.  You know, we all did.  STEFAN: Look, we don't know  what'll happen next to any of us.  But we can't let that haunt us.  We can't let that make us forget what we mean to one another.    A few years ago, I sat on top  of that Ferris wheel with Elena  and I told her how important it was to appreciate these moments.  Because moments are all we have.  So in honor  of Tyler and Elena,  we need to keep creating moments like these.  We need to remember to live.    ALARIC: Dear Elena  We missed you today.  It was a bad one in a long series of bad ones.  But you'd like how we came out of it.  I think we made you proud.  (popping)  Wow.  You know, I realized that I never said thank you.  I'm going to be your wife.  Which means helping you and protecting you.  Even saving you, if I have to.  Well, hopefully you won't have to do that anymore.  I remember the last time that we were at this carnival.  I didn't know how I could possibly deal  with an eternity of being a vampire.  And you told me the only way to get through it  is to tell yourself that you're strong enough.  Every day.  Stefan,  you're strong enough.  And if you ever doubt that,  I'm gonna be here to remind you.    Hey, I was just checking in.  SELINE: Hey.  The girls are doing a little arts and crafts project before bed.  And I got a little carried away  organizing the garage.  (chuckles) Wow, you're the best.  And thank you for staying late,  and working on your night off.  I couldn't have got through today without you.  What can I say? I love your girls.  They keep me feeling young.  I'll be heading home soon.  No rush.  Thank you.  You're a doll.  - You're here. - Of course I am.  - What happened? - I saw the truth.  Feelings make you weak.  - I'm done feeling. - Good.  Now, is your little existential crisis over?  Because we have things to do.  It'll be fun, I promise.  I'm all yours.  (soft chuckle)  You must be starving.  (man screaming, flesh ripping)  You gonna be mad if I tell you I'm happy to have you back here?  I just wish it were under better circumstances.  I'm sorry that I've been M.I.A.  I've just been going through some stuff.  Story of our lives.  So how are the girls?  Practically teenagers.  So I'm guessing you have a photo or two.  Uh, that's them playing with the puppy filter,  first day of school,  uh, crafting at a friend's birthday party  Oh, I love this.  'Line sent it, from from earlier today.  - Seline? - Mm-hmm.  The nanny.  I know, Ric hired the hot nanny.  No, Caroline, you need to get home now.    Lizzie?  Hey, Josie?  - Girls? - Lizzie?  - Girls? - Josie?  (exasperated sigh) Girls?  Girls!  ALARIC: Girls?  Ric      
                
