The Spoils of War



                    			(GRUNTING)  I lost this dagger.  To whom?  Tyrion Lannister.  Take a step toward a more productive relationship  with a possible ally.  I will allow you to mine the dragonglass  and forge weapons from it.  Thank you.  RANDYLL TARLY: She has three full-grown dragons, Your Grace.  How do you propose to stop them?  We are currently at work on a solution.  (THUDDING)  (HORSE BRAYING)  HOT PIE: I thought you'd be heading for Winterfell.  Jon Snow came down from Castle Black  with a wildling army and won the Battle of the Bastards.  He's King in the North now.  (GRUNTING)  COMMANDER: Your sister's dead.  THEON: Euron has her.  I couldn't save her. I tried.  You wouldn't be here if you'd tried.  What about Casterly Rock?  (ROARING)  (GRUNTING)  TYCHO NESTORIS: We both know how expensive war can be.  Your vaults are empty.  My debt will be paid in full.  How will it happen?  Will there be pain?  JAIME: No, I'll make sure of that.  I'd hate to die like your son.  Not at all what I intended.  Tell Cersei.  I want her to know it was me.  ( theme music playing )   ( horse neighs )  Man: Hold that wagon!  ( horses neighing )  You've just won the biggest prize in the world.  What could you possibly have to be upset about?  Come on, you can tell me.  Queen of Thorns give you one last prick in the balls  before saying goodbye?  I'll save my confessions for the High Septon.  There is no more High Septon.  No, there isn't, is there?  There is still the question of my prize.  That's a lot of money I just gave you.  It's not a castle.  How about that one? It's available.  You don't want Highgarden.  - I beg to differ. - We're at war.  Daenerys Targaryen could come and take it back the day after you move in.  Besides, think of the upkeep.  The more you owe, the more it weighs you down.  Oh, is that why you're so fucking glum, eh?  All your new riches weighing you down?  - Man: Move out! - Jaime: They're not mine.  This all belongs to the Iron Bank.  See? We pay our debts.  Right, just not to me.  Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, formerly of  whatever nameless shit heap you're from  with a saddlebag full of gold,  complaining about not getting paid.  When we win this war,  all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms  will be yours to choose from,  with no one left to take them away from you.  Yes, I'm sure Queen Cersei's reign  will be quiet and peaceable.  Ah, stranger things have happened.  Like what?  The granaries are being emptied and loaded into wagons, my lord.  - The current harvest? - We have teams of men collecting it  from all the farms in the Reach.  Ser Bronn, will you accompany the Tarlys  and help them accelerate this process?  I'm not much for shoveling wheat.  No, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest--  I bet you're going to have a real talent for that.  My lord.  My lord.  My lord.  Tycho: I must say, I don't think the Iron Bank  has ever had a debt of this magnitude repaid in a single installment.  I always considered your father a very effective and efficient man,  but you appear to be redefining those terms entirely.  You're too kind, my lord.  I am neither kind nor a lord, Your Grace.  I am merely an instrument of the institution I represent.  Its well-being is a matter of arithmetic, not sentiment.  And the current arithmetic is outstanding.  - Uh, the gold - Is on its way.  My brother is supervising its transportation himself.  Some at the Iron Bank will be disappointed.  They've grown rather fond of your interest payments.  We must devise a way to raise their spirits.  Yes, perhaps we could be of assistance  in some current venture.  My only venture at this moment  is reestablishing control over this continent  and every person on it.  I see a great deal of potential in that venture.  I imagine it would require outside investment.  It will, indeed.  I need to expand my armies, my navies.  My Hand, Qyburn, has made overtures to the Golden Company in Essos.  I know them well.  They have helped us recover significant sums  from parties who had fallen into deep arrears.  That's good to hear.  I, too, would like them to recover some things that belong to me.  Rest assured, Your Grace,  you can count on the Iron Bank's support.  - Hmm. - As soon as the gold arrives.  ( fire crackling )  Littlefinger: This is for you.  The last man who wielded it meant to cut your throat,  but your mother fought him off.  The other dagger,  the one that took her life,  I would have stopped that dagger with my own heart  if I could have.  I wasn't there for her when she needed me most.  But I am here for her now  to do what she would have done,  to protect her children.  Anything I can do for you, Brandon,  you need only ask.  Do you know who this belonged to?  No.  That very question was what started the War of the Five Kings.  In a way, that dagger made you what you are today.  Forced from your home,  driven out to the wilds beyond the Wall.  I imagine you've seen things most men wouldn't believe.  To go through all of that and make your way home again  only to find such chaos in the world,  I can only imagine--  Chaos is a ladder.  ( door opens )  ( exhales )  I'm sorry to have disturbed you, Lord Stark.  I'm not Lord Stark.  What's that?  Maester Wolkan built it for me  so I can move around more easily.  It's a very good idea.  You're leaving.  I don't want to leave you,  but when-- when they come,  I need to be with my family.  And you're safe.  Well, as safe as anyone can be now.  You don't need me anymore.  No, I don't.  That's all you've got to say?  Thank you.  Thank you?  For helping me.  My brother died for you.  Hodor and Summer died for you.  I almost died for you.  - Bran - I'm not, really.  Not anymore.  ( crying )  I remember what it felt like to be Brandon Stark,  but I remember so much else now.  You died in that cave.  I did.  The kitchen girl, the redhead with the behind.  The only thing in the kitchen that you've put your cock in is the liver.  'Ey up. Where you going?  In there. I live here.  ( snickers ) Fuck off.  I'm Arya Stark. This is my home.  ( Henk snorts )  Arya Stark's dead.  Send for Maester Luwin or Ser Rodrick.  - They'll tell you who I am. - There's no Rodrick here.  Maester's named Wolkan.  Go ask Jon Snow, then, the King in the North.  - He's my brother. - He's a thousand miles away.  Look, it's cold and we're busy,  - so, you know, best fuck off. - Mm.  If Jon's gone, who's in charge of Winterfell?  The Lady of Winterfell. Lady Stark.  - Which Lady Stark? - Henk: You tell us.  You're the one impersonating her sister.  Tell Sansa her sister's home.  Lady Sansa is too busy to waste her breath on you, just like us.  So, for the last time, fuck off.  ( grunts )  I'm getting into this castle one way or another.  If I'm not who I say I am, I won't last long.  But if I am and Sansa finds out you turned me away  Right, you sit there.  Right there.  Don't move.  Right, go tell Lady Stark. I'll watch her.  Henk: I ain't telling Lady Stark. You can tell her.  Koner: Why me?  - Henk: You're gonna tell her. - I'm not.  'Cause if you don't, I'm gonna hit you right in the fucking face  as hard as I can.  Koner: We told her to wait.  ( sighs ) We were standing right next to her, and  And-- and when we turned around, she'd gone, my lady.  She-- she was nothing. Some winter town girl.  She comes in asking for, uh, Ser Rodrick  - Rodrick, yeah. Luwin, yeah. - and Maester Luwin.  ( Henk stammering ) And don't trouble yourself over it, my lady.  - We'll-- we'll find her. - You don't have to.  I know where she is.  ( fire crackling )  ( chain rattling )  Do I have to call you Lady Stark now?  Yes.  You shouldn't have run from the guards.  I didn't run.  You need better guards.  ( chuckles )  It suits you Lady Stark.  Jon left you in charge?  He did.  I hope he comes back soon.  I remember how happy he was to see me.  When he sees you, his heart will probably stop.  ( chuckles )  It doesn't look like him.  Should've been carved by someone who knew his face.  Everyone who knew his face is dead.  We're not.  They say you killed Joffrey.  Did you?  I wish I had.  Hmm. Me, too.  I was angry when I heard someone else had done it.  However long my list got, he was always first.  Your list?  Of people I'm going to kill.  How did you get back to Winterfell?  It's a long story.  I imagine yours is, too.  Yes.  Not a very pleasant one.  Mine neither.  But our stories aren't over yet.  No, they're not.  Arya  Bran's home, too.  ( crows cawing )  You came home.  I saw you at the crossroads.  You saw me?  I see quite a lot now.  Bran has visions.  I thought you might go to King's Landing.  So did I.  Why would you go back there?  Cersei's on her list of names.  Who else is on your list?  Most of them are dead already.  Where did you get this?  Littlefinger gave it to me.  Littlefinger? He's here?  He has declared for House Stark.  Why would he give you a dagger?  - He thought I'd want it. - Sansa: Why?  Because it was meant to kill me.  The cutthroat after your fall?  Why would a cutthroat have a Valyrian steel dagger?  Someone very wealthy wanted me dead.  He's not a generous man.  He wouldn't give you anything  unless he thought he was getting something back.  - It doesn't matter. - What do you mean it doesn't matter?  I don't want it.  Are you sure?  Arya: It's Valyrian steel.  It's wasted on a cripple.  ( people chattering )  ( bleating )  Catelyn Stark would be proud.  You kept your vow.  I did next to nothing.  You're too hard on yourself, my lady.  I'm not a  Thank you, Podrick.  ( raven cawing )  ( waves crashing )  Your Grace, there's still no word from the Unsullied.  Soon.  He will come back to you.  He'd better.  What happened?  Many things.  Many things?  - ( sighs ) - Jon: Your Grace.    ( seagulls screeching )  I wanted you to see it  before we start hacking it to bits.  Well, this is it. All we'll ever need.  There is something else I want to show you, Your Grace.  The children of the forest made these.  When?  A very long time ago.  They were right here,  standing where we're standing.  Before there were Targaryens or Starks or Lannisters.  Maybe even before there were men.  No.  They were here together, the children and the First Men.  Doing what? Fighting each other?  They fought together against their common enemy.  Despite their differences, despite their suspicions.  Together.  We need to do the same if we're going to survive.  Because the enemy is real.  It's always been real.  And you say you can't defeat them  without my armies and my dragons?  No, I don't think I can.  I will fight for you.  I will fight for the North.  When you bend the knee.  My people  won't accept a southern ruler.  Not after everything they've suffered.  They will if their king does.  They chose you to lead them.  They chose you to protect them.  Isn't their survival more important than your pride?  What is it?  We took Casterly Rock.  That's very good to hear.  Isn't it?  You'll want to discuss this amongst yourselves.  - Perhaps-- - You will stay.  All my allies are gone.  They've been taken from me while I've been sitting here on this island.  - You still have the largest armies. - Who won't be able to eat  because Cersei has taken all the food from the Reach.  Tyrion: Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back.  We still have enough ships to carry the Dothraki to the mainland.  Commit to the blockade of King's Landing.  - We have a plan. It's still the right plan. - The right plan!  Your strategy has lost us Dorne, the Iron Islands, and the Reach.  - If I have underestimated our enemies-- - Our enemies?  Your family, you mean.  Perhaps you don't want to hurt them after all.  ( dragons screeching )  Enough with the clever plans.  I have three large dragons.  I'm going to fly them to the Red Keep.  We've discussed this.  My enemies are in the Red Keep.  What kind of a queen am I if I'm not willing to risk my life to fight them?  A smart one.  What do you think I should do?  - I would never presume to-- - I'm at war.  I'm losing.  What do you think I should do?  Jon: I never thought that dragons would exist again.  No one did.  The people who follow you  know that you made something impossible happen.  Maybe that helps them believe  that you can make other impossible things happen.  Build a world that's different  from the shit one they've always known.  But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities,  you're not different.  You're just more of the same.  ( dragons screeching )  ( both grunting )  - ( huffs ) - Don't lunge.  ( grunting )  Don't go where your enemy leads you.  Brienne: Up.  - And don't-- - Don't fight someone like her in the first place.  Nice sword.  Very nice dagger.  If they haven't contributed the right amount of grain to the stores,  then I'm afraid they'll have to make due with what they've brought.  We can't  It's been a while since I trained.  I can go and find the master of arms for you, my lady.  He didn't beat the Hound.  You did.  I want to train with you.  You swore to serve both my mother's daughters,  didn't you?  Brienne: Move aside, Podrick.  You can't use that, my lady. It's too small.  I won't cut you. Don't worry.  I'll try not to.  ( grunting )  ( grunts, shouts )  - ( shouting ) - ( grunts )  ( grunts )  ( exhales )  Who taught you how to do that?  No one.  ( waves crashing )  ( seagulls screeching )  - Davos: What do you think of her? - Who?  ( sighs ) I believe you know of whom I speak.  I think she has a good heart.  A good heart?  I've noticed you staring at her good heart.  There's no time for that.  I saw the Night King, Davos. I looked into his eyes.  How many men do we have in the North to fight him?  10,000? Less?  - Fewer. - What?  Speaking of good hearts-- Missandei of Naath.  Ser Davos, Lord Snow.  King Snow, isn't it?  No, that doesn't sound right.  - King Jon? - It doesn't matter.  Forgive me, but may I ask a question?  Of course.  Your name is Jon Snow, but your father's name was Ned Stark?  I'm a bastard.  My mother and father weren't married.  Is the custom different in Naath?  We don't have marriage in Naath,  so the concept of a bastard doesn't exist.  That sounds liberating.  Why did you leave your homeland?  I was stolen away by slavers.  I'm sorry.  If I may, how did a slave girl  come to advise Daenerys Targaryen?  She bought me from my master and set me free.  Davos: That was good of her.  Of course, you're serving her now, aren't you?  I serve my queen because I want to serve my queen.  Because I believe in her.  And if you wanted to sail home to Naath tomorrow?  Then she would give me a ship and wish me good fortune.  You believe that?  I know it.  All of us who came with her from Essos,  we believe in her.  She's not our queen because she's the daughter  of some king we never knew.  She's the queen we chose.  Will you forgive me if I switch sides?  ( bell ringing )  Jon: Is that a Greyjoy ship?  ( men shouting )  ( man shouts )  Man: Halt!  Jon.  I didn't know you were here.  S-Sansa  is she all right?  What you did for her  is the only reason I'm not killing you.  We heard your uncle attacked your fleet.  We thought you were dead.  I should be.  Davos: Your sister?  Euron has her.  I came to ask the queen to help me get her back.  The queen is gone.  Where did she go?  - Man: Get the horses watered! - ( neighs )  ( chatter )  All the gold's safely through the gates of King's Landing.  Good.  We need to get the last of these wagons  over the Blackwater Rush before nightfall.  The head of the line is ambushed,  the tail will never be able to reinforce in time.  Well, we are stretched a bit thin.  With your permission,  flogging stragglers has a marked effect on mobility.  Let's give them fair warning first.  These men fought well at Highgarden.  - ( men grunting ) - Man: Now, get it on this thing.  - Man #2: Lift! - ( men laughing )  - Ser Jaime. - Rickon.  Dickon.  I hear you fought bravely at Highgarden.  Your first battle?  And?  It was glorious.  Come on, your father's not here.  All my life, we've been pledged to House Tyrell.  I knew some of those men. I hunted with them.  They didn't deserve to die.  But Lady Olenna chose to betray her queen  and support the Targaryen girl.  So here we are.  I didn't expect it to smell like that.  Men shit themselves when they die.  Didn't they teach you that at fancy lad school?  Well, I learned it when I was five.  ( distant horse neighs )  What?  Listen.  ( distant hoofbeats approaching )  ( rumbling )  Jaime: Spears and shields! Spears and shields!  - What is it? - Bronn: Get in line!  Spears and shields! Spears and shields!  Get in line now!  Form up! Come on, lads!  Guard those wagons!  Form a line! Form a line!  Man: Round those spears!  ( men shrieking in distance )  Man: Shield wall!  Fill the gaps!  - Randyll: Archers, steady! - Man #2: Hold together!  - Archers! - Look alive!  Get tight!  Man: Get in line, boys!  - Ready! - Here they come!  - ( distant men shrieking ) - ( hoofbeats approaching )  - ( hoofbeats pounding ) - ( men shrieking, whooping )  ( all shrieking )  Man: Courage, lads! Courage!  Man #2: Wait! Wait for it!  Spears out!  ( men grunt )  - Jaime: Spears out! - Randyll: Steady! Hold the line!  - Get back to King's Landing. - I'm not abandoning my army.  Bronn: You're the commander, not a damn infantryman.  Those fuckers are about to swamp us.  We can hold them off.  ( dragon roaring )  ( roaring )  Dracarys!  ( pants )  ( men screaming )  ( screaming continues )  ( screams echoing )  ( Dothraki shrieking )  Jaime: Hold the line!  Hold!  - Bronn: Hold it, lads! - Hold the line!  - Man: Throw it! - ( grunts, screams )  - ( grunts ) - Man: Hold!  ( men grunting )  ( men shouting )  Man: Draw!  Loose!  ( dragon roars )  ( men screaming )  - Archers! - Man: Archers!  Archers, with me!  - Man: Archers, to the line! - Man #2: To the line!  - Nock! - Man: Nock!  - ( dragon roaring ) - Draw!  - Loose! - Man: Loose!  Man: Run!  ( men screaming )  Qyburn's scorpion is over there.  Go get it, then.  I can't shoot with one hand.  - ( horse neighs ) - Bronn: Come on!  ( shouts )  ( grunting )  ( shouts )  ( horse screaming )  ( shouts )  ( man screaming )  ( horse bellowing )  - ( men screaming ) - Man: Need help!  ( screaming )  ( men screaming )  ( dragon roaring )  ( Dothraki shrieking )  ( grunts )  Where are you?  ( roaring )  ( men screaming )  ( Dothraki shrieking in distance )  ( screams echoing )    ( horse screaming )  ( screams echoing )  ( dragon roaring )  Take cover!  Come on, you fucker.  Dracarys.  ( roaring )  ( yelps )  ( dragon crying out )  ( panting )  ( men screaming )  ( roaring )  ( grunting )  ( grunting )  ( roaring )  Flee, you idiot.  - Come on, boy. Come on! - ( horse neighs )  You idiot. You fucking idiot.  ( grunts )      
                
