Dexter s06e10 Episode Script
Ricochet Rabbit

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s06e10

Previously on Dexter James Gellar.
The professor, from the University of Tallahassee? Gellar disappeared three years ago after he got fired.
You can't get in touch with him, because he went underground.
You're saying Gellar does the killing? He's so much stronger than me.
Gellar is pulling you toward the darkness, Travis, not the light.
What you said to me - made me think.
- Think what? That I don't have to do what he says.
You're free.
So when Jessica Morris OD'd, there was definitely someone in that hotel room with her.
No doubt.
Then why is LaGuerta on my ass to close this thing? Oh, my God! What the fuck? Gellar hasn't seen wrath until he's seen mine.
Travis.
Gellar.
He's been dead all along.
Travis acted alone.
He killed all those people.
Travis is the only Doomsday Killer, and I've made a terrible mistake.
Same kill wound as the other victims, which means Travis, you killed Gellar? Professor Gellar.
It is not true.
I did not kill you.
No! No.
You did, Travis.
It's time you faced the truth about yourself.
He thinks Gellar is still alive.
Talking to someone who isn't there, huh? I remember, I came to your office.
I brought you the John the Revelator sword.
Yeah, you'd stolen it.
University blamed me, and they fired me.
I told you we needed it because we are the two witnesses from Revelation 1 1.
And I told you, you were delusional and needed help.
I convinced you, I made you see that we are the chosen ones.
I proved it to you that you couldn't be hurt.
You stabbed me with the sword three years ago.
And it couldn't pierce your flesh.
No.
I didn't do that.
You killed me, Travis, and then you stuck me in the freezer.
That didn't happen.
It was him, the false prophet.
He killed you.
He's trying to stop what God has commanded us to do! And I will carry on without you.
I will finish what we started.
You were wrong, old man.
I'm in control now.
I will make new disciples that will help me.
I don't need you any more.
Travis! I have to stop him.
What happened to saving him? Travis' dark passenger is a part of him.
He can't be saved from it any more than I can from mine.
I should've never listened to Brother Sam.
He was right about one thing.
If you put your faith in the wrong thing It can really fuck you up.
It was a mistake to put my faith in Travis.
From now on, I'm only putting my faith in myself.
It's Deb.
The cops are canvassing a one-mile radius around the IP address from Gellar's blog.
They're closing in.
Maybe it's time to let this one go.
No.
The only way to kill a dark passenger is to take out the driver.
After everything Travis put me through, he's mine.
What are you doing? If the cops find Gellar, they'll focus the hunt on Travis, it'll make it that much harder for me to get to him.
I have to keep Gellar alive.
This is ghoulish, even for you.
Well, if the cops found only Travis' prints, they'd get suspicious.
This way, they'll find Gellar's fingerprints, too.
Once I'm done here, I just have to strike the kill room, dump Gellar's body in the swamp and head to Travis' motel.
You really think he's there? No, but it might help me get in touch with him.
What about that? Well, it's helped me once.
Maybe I could use it again.
I'll stash it in the morgue for a rainy day.
Gellar's blog.
You mean Travis' blog.
And now that I have Travis' laptop, I can post as Gellar, too.
Batting the beehive? You sure that's a good idea? - Travis is unstable.
- I need him to engage.
This should get his attention.
I'll do anything for you, Dr Gellar.
It's cool what you're doing, killing all those people.
That's creepy.
Hey, Gellar.
It's the end times, huh? Time for God's wrath? Well, I got some God's wrath Right here! Oh, yeah! End times! God's wrath.
Dr Gellar, I've read all your stuff.
But I felt like you were just cracking the surface.
Glad to see you man up, take the next step.
People are always being killed in the bible, but I'm with you till the end of days.
Doomsday Killers in an abandoned church.
It's too fucking perfect.
Holy fucking shit.
Is this it? Are these Gellar's paintings? It looks that way.
And this has to be where Gellar and Travis prepared their tableaus.
And held their victims.
Holy Christ on a stick.
Sorry.
Deb.
You OK? I'm fine.
I just need to I gotta get some air.
What? What? Yeah.
Yeah, I'll be there.
Fuck! The cops may have found his hideout, but that won't stop Travis.
That's up to me.
I can't wait for him to respond to the blog.
I have to figure out his next kill.
Dex, thank God you're here.
You OK? You look kind of sweaty.
I was fine until I went into the church, and all of a sudden my heart started racing and I couldn't breathe.
What the fuck? I've been to a million crime scenes.
You remember that Ice Truck Killer crime scene, when he filled the motel room with blood? Yeah.
I had a panic attack.
Is that what this is? A panic attack? I don't know.
Maybe.
Well, what was yours about? Reminded me of when my mom died.
Right.
Fuck, obviously.
I'm sorry.
It's OK.
But that makes sense, you freaking out about your mom.
Me, panicking at a crime scene? I'm the fucking lieutenant, for Christ's sake.
I can't get all woozy every time I go to a crime scene.
Maybe you're pregnant.
First of all, fuck you, and second of all, that would be the immaculate fucking conception, since I haven't been with anyone since Quinn.
And lastly, fuck you.
Sounds like you're feeling better.
Let's go.
Travis and Gellar were busy fucking bees, huh? Makes you wonder where God was when they were up to all this.
It was a mistake to think that any of this religious garbage could be an answer to my dark passenger.
There's no solution here, only clues to finding Travis.
The paintings We got the seven-headed serpent, the four horsemen, the angel.
Quinn, nice of you to join us.
The whore of Babylon, the bowls of wrath and the sixth one "Wormwood.
" What the fuck's a wormwood? Perhaps how I find Travis.
It's the next sacrifice.
Something about a star that crashes down to the Earth and poisons mankind.
Mankind? Think this one will be bigger? Well, they used one body for the four horsemen, they're not exactly going for literal.
All right, we need to find the who, the what and the where of this ASAP.
Lieutenant Morgan.
Who are you going to poison, Travis? Hey, Dex, there's blood.
Think these could be from the bowls of wrath? Could be.
Let's test it against the samples we took from the crime scene.
Thank you, sir.
Everything OK? Matthews wants to set up a dinner sometime this week.
Some place fancy.
It sounds like he's inviting you into his inner circle.
Congratulations.
You're big-time.
Yeah, right.
Now that I've done my job, I can get on with my work.
That looks promising.
There's some more jars over there.
I'll get it.
"Travis Marshall.
" Dr Benjamin Carlson, from Miami.
- What have you got? - Just some paint thinner.
What the fuck is chlorpromazine? Hey, Anderson.
OK, I'll get back at you.
Get a line on Dr Benjamin Carlson.
- I think Travis was a patient of his.
- Got it.
At least I still have Gellar's blog.
The prodigal son has returned.
"False prophet.
" He's talking to me.
"I listened to you once and I made a mistake, but never again.
"I'm going to fix it.
" What's his mistake? Was it straying from Gellar and listening to me? - I'm psyched you could do breakfast.
- One of the perks of being a nanny.
Two hours off while Harrison's in preschool.
I need a little advice.
I really want to show Dexter my video game.
You know, find out what a real blood spatter analyst thinks of it.
Good idea.
I have never seen the guy make a mistake, like, ever.
- So you want to impress him.
- Yeah.
I mean, he's He's kind of intense.
Babe, I don't know what he's like at work, but once you've seen him reading Everybody Poops to Harrison, you realise he's a big softie.
Just talk to him.
Lieutenant? I have the personal effects of Jessica Morris.
- You asked for them.
- Oh, right, fuck.
The dead call girl.
Just put them in my office.
I'll look at it later.
OK.
Still looking into that case.
We've been through this.
I'm just doing my job.
You're not.
That's the problem.
I need to figure out what Travis needs to fix, what exactly is wormwood and who will his victim be? OK, people, big day, so let's get started.
Are you running the briefing? Doomsday is our most important investigation, and the more I help out, the more time you'll have to focus on other cases.
You're the boss.
- You OK? - Peachy fucking keen.
So I understand that we found Doomsday's hideout.
Where was it? - In an abandoned church.
- Great.
Bring me up to speed.
I found a hidden cellar.
I was sure it was gonna be filled with body parts, but there was just some church crap and an old freezer.
Sorry to disappoint you.
Dexter? Masuka? The place was covered in prints from Travis and Gellar.
- What about the blood in the jars? - What jars? We found bloody jars in the trash.
Dex? Same type as Travis', and it matched some of the samples we took from the bowls of wrath.
I was thinking Holly Benson, the girl who escaped.
She thought they made her drink blood.
Maybe it was from those jars.
Holly Benson didn't escape.
Travis let her go because of me.
Anderson, what do you got? Anything else? Could she be the mistake Travis was talking about? The mistake he needs to fix.
Travis is already back on Gellar's path.
Will Holly be his victim in the wormwood tableau? If I find Holly, hopefully I'll find Travis.
Dexter.
Hey! Jamie and I went to your doughnut shop this morning Not now, Louis.
It's It's you.
And you're Doomsday Adam.
It's just I I never imagined Steve Dorsey.
This is such an honour.
It's nice to meet you, too, Steve.
Do you mind if I come in? I'm kind of being hunted.
Oh, right! Yep, please.
Come on in.
Beth, get in here and meet our guest.
Well, I hope he's hungry.
I have snacks.
Oh, my How about that? Travis Marshall.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Beth.
Oh, I know who you are.
I've seen you on the news.
Is Professor Gellar coming, too? No.
Not today.
We were just so confused by by his blog.
He said this was all the devil's errand.
Professor Gellar didn't write that.
It was a false prophet trying to throw a monkey wrench into God's plan.
I knew it.
Well, please sit down.
Sorry I just have Velveeta and crackers.
Steve's been out of work lately and I know how it is.
Sometimes it feels as if God has forgotten us.
But I'm here to tell you that your time has come.
The faithful will be given untold riches in God's new kingdom, if you trust and obey.
We're ready, Mr Marshall.
We'll do whatever you say.
Good.
But first, I need to know that you're fully committed.
Holly Benson's apartment, the victim who would've been.
I can stake the place out, wait and see if Travis shows up.
Aren't you putting a lot of eggs in the Holly basket? I'm trusting my instincts.
Something I should've done a long time ago.
Doesn't look like she's here.
What ifTravis got to her first? There's no signs of a struggle or a break-in.
Not an ounce of makeup.
No hairbrush, no toothbrush.
She could've packed a bag, gone out of town.
She still won't be safe.
Travis is determined to find her wherever she is.
Which is why I have to make sure I find her first.
Come on, Holly.
Give me something I can use.
Something else.
Who would she be with? Family? Friends? Boyfriend.
I bet he knows where she is.
Peter Grant.
I'm guessing this is him.
Hi, I'm looking for Peter Grant.
Oh, my dad.
Is he at home? Does it look like I have parental supervision? He's off in Spain.
Or Portugal maybe.
Can you tell me if he knows a woman named Holly Benson? She's my dad's "sex-retary".
Why? I'm a friend.
Can't seem to get in touch with her.
Yeah, well, no offence, but your friend is a total slam pig.
Right.
Slam pig.
Any idea where I can find her? - I don't know.
The yacht maybe? - Yacht? My dad has this boat that he refuses to get rid of.
Probably some kind of fuck pad.
- Where is it? - I don't know.
On the water somewhere.
Thanks.
If you do find her, though, will you give her a message for me? Nice kid.
But if she's right and Holly's out on a boat alone, she's a sitting duck for Travis.
Time to play "find the fuck pad".
He's in Spain with his wife.
If he was lying, would he let me crash on his boat while he's away? Who asked you anyway? I got to go.
Hello? Who's there? Hello, whore.
We're going for a little cruise.
What the fuck? - You're a fucking asshole.
- I'm an asshole? Doomsday's out there searching for his next victim and you're asleep on the job.
- What are you, fucking super cop? - No.
I give a shit.
Maybe you should try it for once, instead of going out drinking every night and coming to work while messed up.
- Give it a fucking rest, man.
- So what? Your girlfriend broke up with you.
Get over it.
Fuck that.
I'm just being a single guy having fun.
- You should try it for once.
- Hey.
Any leads on a wormwood victim? We're going over Gellar's and Travis' friends, relatives and acquaintances.
Figure the last two victims were personal.
Good thinking.
Keep at it.
Any luck on the Dr Carlson front? Turns out he passed away a couple years ago, but I got a court order releasing Travis Marshall's psych eval.
Drugs were anti-psychotics.
Apparently he had some breaks with reality.
Jesus.
Violent tendencies since childhood, a lack of empathy, master manipulator, delusions of grandeur.
It makes sense.
Fucker wants to end the world.
- What's that? - Travis' psych file.
More like psycho file.
The guy was a complete sociopath.
Shit, it says here the shrink thought he killed his parents.
I thought it was a car accident.
Or not.
Apparently Travis attacked his father and grabbed the wheel, turned it right into a tree.
Any signs of parental abuse? It's so weird, his sister seemed so convinced he was a good guy.
Maybe she didn't know.
Anything's possible.
He's been a monster from the start.
He's using Gellar to justify his kills.
A lot of people justify their kills.
You mean me? You justified my kills.
You taught me the code.
I kept you from becoming your brother.
Making me a killer was the best you could do.
You were already gonna be a killer.
I guess we'll never know.
There it is.
The fuck pad.
The Ricochet Rabbit.
- Where you going? - I know this marina.
I had a freak-out at a crime scene today.
Is that unusual? Yes, that's unusual.
Seen a lot of fucked-up shit, and it usually just rolls right off.
But not today.
You know what's even weirder is the stuff that usually fucks me up - didn't even faze me today.
- Like what? Like LaGuerta trying to swing her dick around in the briefing room.
I handled that like a champ.
Well, that's fantastic.
So why did I lose my shit when I walked into that church? Did the church have some kind of significance for you? I don't know.
The only time I go to church is to go to a funeral, you know? My mom, my dad, boyfriends, my sister-in-law.
So you associate church with loss.
I guess.
Whatever.
Doesn't matter.
My brother showed up, he calmed me down.
Dexter? Was it something that he said? I guess.
Not really.
It was more just him being there.
Come to think of it, every time the shit hits the fan, I go to him.
I've even moved in with him a few times.
- He's your safe place.
- Yeah.
Since we were kids.
I used to have these nightmares, and I would sneak into his room and I'd curl up on the floor.
He wouldn't even know I was there.
Is that weird? I don't know.
Do you think it's weird? Not really.
He's my brother.
I think it's sweet.
What are you gonna do? You mean, what are we going to do? We're going to kill her, Beth.
He's testing our faith.
Like Abraham.
You've got it easy.
He was asked to sacrifice his son.
You just have to pitch in and help kill a whore.
I don't think I can do that.
I understand, Beth.
But you'll be purifying her sins.
Her soul will know paradise because of your strength, your love.
Come on.
Let's show her some love.
Hey, Dexter! Louis got here a little early to pick me up for our date.
You have a date? I was hoping you could stay.
Sorry.
I don't supposed you'd wanna have your date here? We can't.
Louis bought us tickets to go see The Avett Brothers.
Can't go another time? They're only playing tonight.
Hey, Dexter, I was wondering if maybe you could take a look at my game before we go.
I mean, if it's not a bad time.
- I should probably put Harrison down.
- I got him.
You take it easy.
Looks like you had a long day at work.
Daddy.
So Looks like you have a minute.
Looks like I do.
Awesome.
I'll just I'll bring the game up on my laptop.
So, the game is about homicide.
And I know there's, like, a million video games out there about that.
But the secret to this game is, and I haven't even told Jamie this yet, but in my game, you can be the serial killer.
What? See, you have these character choices.
You can be Dahmer, Jack the Ripper, the Bay Harbour Butcher.
I am the Bay Harbour Butcher.
So, what do you think? I think this is offensive.
Who would choose to be a serial killer? Well, I mean, it's like a vicarious thrill.
"Vicarious thrill"? How could you possibly know what it's like to take a life? Why would you even want to? It's a bad idea.
Do something else.
So? I'm not I'm not feeling well.
I think I should go home.
And miss the show? I'm sorry.
I'm not I'm not up to it.
Still need a sitter? This is the spot, but no boat.
Which means Holly is probably on it.
Unfortunately, Travis may be with her.
Only one way to know for sure, check the security camera footage.
I guess we all tell lies about ourselves.
Security video archives.
Travis.
It's got sea tracker and the password is Neptune.
Thank you, Mr Grant.
How can I help you tonight? Yeah, I kind of have a problem.
My girlfriend and I got into a fight and she took off with my boat, and I don't know where she went.
I have the coordinates right here.
I'll notify the police.
Any way around that? Sorry, sir, it's protocol.
I know.
It's just, I don't think my wife would be too thrilled to find out about my girlfriend.
I understand.
She's got a bit of a jump on you.
I've got her location right here.
This is wormwood.
I thought it would be bigger.
- So we're ready? - Not yet.
We have to cover our tracks.
Police will find this place.
What difference does it make? The world's ending in four days.
It doesn't It will only end if we complete our work.
That can't happen if we're in jail.
God never said this would be easy.
Jessica Morris.
Guilt trip from beyond the grave.
Sal's flowers.
Sal speaking.
Hi, this is Lieutenant Debra Morgan from Miami Metro Homicide.
I need to know if you recently delivered flowers to a Jessica Morris, sent by someone with the initial "T".
Jessica Morris.
Here it is, dozen red, delivered morning of the 18th.
That was the day she died.
Who sent them? Oh, my God.
It was Thomas Matthews.
I'm sorry, did you say Thomas Matthews? What's his phone number? Jesus Christ.
Thank you.
Hey, Deb, what's up? I have a situation.
Can we talk? What is it? Not on the phone.
When are you coming in? Not for a while.
I have some personal stuff to take care of.
- Before you get mad - It's OK.
- It is? - Yes.
You have your own life to deal with.
It seems to be filled with a fuck load of mysterious personal stuff, but whatever.
Well, thanks for being so understanding.
Well, I'm sorry I wasn't before.
You've got my back when it counts.
I know that.
OK.
By the way, you were right about that whole panic attack thing, so thank you.
I'm gonna get off the phone now so that I can have another one.
I'll see you when you get in, OK? Louis.
You're here early.
I couldn't sleep.
I got a lot on my mind.
I think I found a new lead.
This guy, Doomsday Adam.
He keeps posting on Gellar's blog.
To all of professor Gellar's faithful followers, I can now tell you without a doubt that his prophecies are real.
My wife Beth and I have been chosen to be soldiers in the final battle, and with God's help, we will prove worthy.
This will be our last post.
See you in paradise.
You think maybe Gellar and Travis got to this guy and enlisted his help? - I know it's a long shot, but - It's worth checking out.
You think you could track down Doomsday Adam's real name and address? His name is Steve Dorsey.
Here's his address.
Good work.
I'll call Quinn, go check it out.
At least someone around here appreciates me.
Hey, it's Quinn.
For the fourth fucking time, answer your phone.
I'm not calling again.
Just get here.
Sergeant Batista, Miami Metro Homicide.
Are you Mrs Beth Dorsey? - Yes, that's right.
- Is your husband home? No, he's not.
Is there something wrong? I'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind.
Are you aware that your husband has been posting on a blog by a Professor Gellar? Gosh, maybe you should talk to him when he gets back.
How about we start with you and we take it from there? Found the fuck pad.
Travis.
Why is he in a hazmat suit? You're too late.
Wormwood can't be stopped.
No! This was supposed to set things right.
So you're telling me that this was all a joke? The videos your husband posted as Doomsday Adam, the whole "chosen" thing? My husband has kind of a strange sense of humour.
Yeah, I would say so.
Steve's been out of work lately.
He was hoping the videos might go viral and get him some attention, and I just wanted to be supportive.
Mrs Dorsey, these murders are nothing to be joking around about.
Your husband wasted valuable police time and resources that could've been spent catching the Doomsday Killers.
I am so sorry.
I will talk to Steve, tell him to get those videos down.
This will not happen again.
I'd appreciate that.
If this was all a joke, why do you have all these books by Professor James Gellar? What are we gonna do? He's a cop.
He doesn't enforce God's law, we do.
It's a sign.
"Miami Metro Homicide.
" That's where God wants us to stage wormwood.
Nothing to tell you what wormwood is going to be.
I don't care what it's gonna be, I wanna know where it's gonna be.
I have to fix this.
Holly.
But this doesn't look like wormwood.
She was stabbed, not poisoned.
You're still too late.
She's already dead.
Travis is gone and you killed the wrong guy.
When you gonna let this go? When I kill Travis.
Are you sure you can make that happen? Isn't that what you taught me to do? I didn't have a choice.
According to you, I don't have one either.
Well, you have a choice to make right now.
- Maybe you should call the police.
- I told you, I don't call the police.
Travis is mine.
Dexter, don't make this personal.
Methylphosphonyl difluoride? And isopropyl alcohol.
Mix them together, they're lethal.
Poison gas.
This is wormwood.
This could kill who knows how many people.
Dexter, you have to call the police.
Why would I listen to you? I'm only here because of you, now I'm supposed to trust your judgement? - I'll make my own decision.
- Dex.
Leave me alone! Brother Sam said it.
Sometimes you have to surrender to something greater than yourself.
The Doomsday Killers are hiding out on a yacht at 1 14 Bleaker Canal Road.
And who's calling, please? I'd rather not leave my name.
Hurry.
They have poison gas.


Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s06e10

