Dexter s06e06 Episode Script
Just Let Go

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s06e06

Previously on Dexter Is this Doomsday number two? Travis Marshall.
Professor Porter, you wouldn't happen to know of any good spots where we could get a drink this evening, would you? Maybe I do.
These drawings, they were Gellar's? No! Seems Brother Sam's not a changed man after all.
Please get off the property.
Not without our boy Nick.
You deaf, pendejo? See how easy it is? Get out and start walking away.
One way or another, Travis will lead me to the one who really deserves my table.
Most people believe we have free will, that we all choose our path.
Sometimes the path is clear.
Sometimes, not so much.
Every twist, every turn can challenge our sense of direction.
But it's the choices we make when we reach a fork in the road that define who we are.
Deb, I'm kind of busy.
Can Dex, I'm sorry, I have bad news.
It's Brother Sam.
He's been shot, - at his garage.
- What? EMTs are working on him now.
I'm on my way there.
- I'll meet you there.
- No, wait Shit.
I think this will be sufficiently tawdry for our purposes.
Pay the woman.
Ma'am.
- We're almost ready.
- About the woman She didn't die, did she? No, but her arm is badly broken.
I'd like to get her some painkillers.
- No, Travis.
- But she's in agony.
She's a whore.
She's an unrepentant sinner.
She deserves what she's gonna get.
Have you given her her mark? No, not yet.
What's wrong with you, Travis? - What do you mean? - You're hesitating.
You're slacking off.
You better get yourself together.
You know what's at stake here.
We're the chosen ones.
We're the two witnesses.
But what if it's wrong? What we're doing, hurting these people God can be wrong? I don't think so.
Do what you're told to do, Travis, or you're gonna be destroyed along with the rest of the scum.
It's bad.
There are three entrance wounds, two in the chest, one in the back.
No exit wounds.
Bullets bounced around, really tore him up.
Whoever did this to Brother Sam doesn't deserve to live.
Whoa, whoa, what are you doing? My job.
I'm sorry, Dex, I can't let you do that.
You and Sam are friends.
Deb, I'm fine.
Really.
The last thing you need is another unsolved case.
You need my help.
I need to do this.
Hey, hey! Somebody get this dog out of here.
- I got him.
- What do we have? Register's clean.
Looks like a robbery gone bad.
Or Julio's gang finally got even with Brother Sam for stealing Nick away.
- I suppose it's too much to hope - It is.
DVD's missing.
Whatever happened to stupid criminals? They're still stupid.
We'll catch this piece of shit.
The likely shooter is Julio's replacement.
Taking out Brother Sam would be a good way to boost his cred as shot caller.
See, Louis, the art of dusting Iies in the caressing of the powder over the print, so as not to corrupt it, as if one was trying to get a nipple erect.
Like this.
What's the blood telling you? The spray pattern suggests the shooter stood here.
Bang, bang.
Victim stumbled to the car and fell here.
Frothy blood suggests a tracheal haemorrhage and that the victim fell to his knees, but the drainage from the interior wounds is pooled, not smeared, so he must have rolled to his side, and the shooter steps forward for the kill shot.
Bang.
Victim rolls to his back.
That's how we found him.
The awkward position of the body causes the bullet to miss the heart.
It's probably the only reason he's still alive.
Guy's a fucking rock star.
Hey, this is Miami fucking Metro.
We're all fucking rock stars.
Harrison seemed a little off this morning.
Is it all right if I check in with Jamie? Sure.
The night Julio and his crew came for Nick, I hit one of them with a baseball bat.
He seemed like Julio's number two, which could mean he's now number one.
Blood.
If he's in the system, I'll have a name.
We have a match.
Leo Hernandez.
Two felony arrests, as well as one for failure to pay child support.
What are the odds you're at your last known address? Hello? Yes, hello, I'm calling for Leo Hernandez.
Who is this? The Department of Social Services.
Lieutenant, I ran the prints from the garage.
I got 12 hits on AFIS.
All of them work for Brother Sam.
Well, that really fucking narrows it down.
Maybe one of his ex-cons got tired of working for a living.
Yale, Soderquist, I want statements and alibis from everyone on the garage payroll.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
He sounds like a horrible baby daddy.
You and your children deserve better.
She hasn't seen Leo in over a year.
Now what? Any news on Brother Sam's condition? Last I heard, he was still in surgery.
Hey, I got something.
Eighth Street Locos blame Brother Sam for the disappearance of their shot caller, Julio Benes.
I killed Julio.
Is it possible this is my fault? And according to this report filed two days ago, Brother Sam suspected the Locos of shooting up his garage.
So maybe his motive was revenge and not robbery.
Or revenge, then robbery.
Hit the street.
See if you can't narrow it down to a triggerman.
Got it.
Deb, if it's OK, I'm gonna swing by the hospital and check in on Brother Sam.
Sure.
Hey, what's up? Just getting some rocket fuel, keep the engines burning.
Me, too.
Better get back to it.
Relax, I didn't come over here to crack the whip.
I've just been going so hard lately, I haven't had a chance to catch up.
What's going on? - I'm good.
- Me, too.
- Can we get back to work now? - Yeah, fucking go.
I'm taking a lot of heat on Doomsday.
The commissioner, the mayor's office, the media are all over me.
Are we making any headway? Quinn and Batista are going through our suspect Professor Gellar's boxes.
I was about to get an update.
Good, do that.
And remember, you're lieutenant now, not one of the gang.
I'm realising that.
OK, well, I'd like a briefing later today.
OK.
If you're lying there because of my dark passenger, I promise you, my dark passenger will make amends.
The Lord is my light and my salvation.
Hey, Nick, how are you? Whom should I fear? The Lord is my life's refuge.
Been trying to do good.
How could this happen to Brother Sam? It's a hard question to answer.
I'd rather focus on who did it.
One thing I ask of the Lord.
This I seek.
Is Leo Hernandez the new shot caller for the Locos? You here as a friend or a cop? I'm not a cop.
I'm a forensic analyst and a friend.
And you and I both know the Locos wanted Brother Sam dead.
Where can I find him? I ain't no rat.
If Leo shot Brother Sam, he doesn't deserve your loyalty.
Come on, Nick, if you don't tell me, the cops are gonna drag it out of you.
I'll keep your name out of it.
They won't.
He stays over on St Andrews.
The white house near Romaine.
Brothers and sisters, let us pray together for our friend Brother Sam.
Please join hands.
Please hear our prayer, Lord, as we gather in your name.
Lord, we ask you to heal our Brother Sam and bring him back to us, because we need him.
He's your shining light among us.
He helps us see the way.
- Amen.
- Amen.
And now in the name of forgiveness, let us say a silent prayer for the misguided sinner who shot Brother Sam.
Forget it.
Anger won't bring him back.
I'd rather prey on him.
Here's where we are.
Professor Gellar's former TA, Carissa Porter - The one you got the boxes from.
- Right.
She told us that Gellar was working on a theory about an early AD cult, the Enesserette, who believed that the Book of Revelations was not only a biblical prophecy, but some kind of code to bring about the end of the world.
I have no idea what that means.
According to Gellar's papers, he thought he had deciphered the code.
Seven steps or keys, each requiring a human sacrifice.
We think that the Doomsday tableaus are an enactment of these keys.
Jesus.
I thought this crazy fuck was trying to warn us about the end of the world.
You're telling me he's trying to cause it? There's more.
We found a clipping from a college newspaper from a little over three years ago, and it says that Gellar did an artistic installation on campus drawing attention to his work on the Enesserette cult.
It got him in hot water with the university.
The dead lamb represents sacrifice, the naked chick represents sinfulness It looks like a practise run for his current work.
If we could find that girl in the photo, who knows what she could tell us? Is that marking on her lower back part of the tableau? Not sure.
We just found this before you walked in.
We haven't had a chance to go over it in detail.
- You got a magnifying glass? - Yeah.
Looks like a tattoo.
One of those Hindu Om dealios.
Wrong religion, sweetie.
Good find, Deb.
We'll take it from here.
- Oh, I can help, if you want.
- No, no, no.
You've got a lot on your plate, so It's OK, Deb, we got this.
We'll get back to you.
What? The chick in the photo is Carissa Porter.
What? Are you sure? The tat above her ass? - I was in the vicinity.
- Shit.
She just became our key witness.
I told you not to go home with her.
Didn't I tell you? Yes, you told me, Mom.
The question is, what are we gonna do about it now? Well, we gotta find out what else Carissa Porter knows.
That That's fine.
But we can't let Deb know about this, cos that could make things a lot harder for me.
Lie to Deb? No way.
Oh, so you're just gonna turn your back on your partner? Oh, no, no, no.
Do not play the partner card.
Of course I'm gonna play the partner card.
Why wouldn't I play the partner card? Situations like this are exactly why the partner card is in the fucking deck! I'm really not liking you right now.
Deb, you got a sec? What's up? Quinn and I have to go to Tallahassee tomorrow to question Carissa Porter.
I thought you already interviewed her.
We did.
We have reason to believe that she's the naked woman in the newspaper photo.
No shit.
How'd you figure that out? Just meticulous police work.
Fucking A.
She's gotta be able to help us get closer to Gellar.
But I can't spare you guys for a whole day.
Have her come here.
What? Bring her into the station.
I don't know if she's gonna go for that.
She's a professor.
- She's got classes to teach.
- Fuck her classes.
She's a material witness in a serial murder investigation.
Tell her to get her Om-tattooed ass into this station by tomorrow afternoon, or I'll have her hauled in here in handcuffs.
- Try it nicely first.
- Yeah.
Fuck.
What if Carissa says something about our night together? I'll handle it.
You just stay the hell away from her.
- Hi, Jamie.
- Hi.
- Harrison go down easy? - Totally.
We went to the park this afternoon.
So it was like one page of Goodnight Moon, and then the sandman dropped the whole bag on him.
You know, you don't have to do that.
Deb said she'd be by this weekend to get the rest of her stuff.
Oh, no, I'm happy to do it.
There we go.
All folded and packed with very little hostility.
Guess I'll hit the road.
I heard about your friend, Brother Sam.
How's he doing? He's in a coma.
It doesn't look good.
I'm really sorry.
He seemed like a really nice guy.
Yeah, I didn't know him that well.
It definitely sucks.
Well, I'll see you in the morning.
Good night.
Thanks.
Why is it so hard for you to admit? You care about Brother Sam.
It doesn't make sense.
Who is he to me? A fellow traveller.
He was a killer at one time.
But he found a new path, a path I could never take.
It's because he's travelled both roads that he understands the darkness in you and he sees the light.
I wish I did.
Maybe things could have been different.
What-ifs are a waste of time.
I've accepted my dark passenger.
But there's more to you than that.
Brother Sam sees it, and he's helped you see it.
That's what he is to you.
So is there anything else you want to talk about? Nope.
You sure? Yep.
OK.
Well, as far as the shooting at Don Aldo's, you're good to go.
There's no need for us to meet again.
- There's one more thing.
- Yes? I feel like my whole world has been turned upside down.
That's kind of more than an afterthought.
Go on.
For the first time, I feel lost in a place that's always felt like home.
I look at my co-workers and I see the doubt in their eyes, and it makes me doubt myself.
I mean, they used to be my friends.
Now they're my subordinates.
It used to be simple.
I feel like shit about Quinn.
I think he thinks that I dumped him because I think I'm better than him now.
And I used to be able to talk to Batista, but that's awkward because I made lieutenant over him.
I still have Dexter.
We've always been close, since we were kids.
But that's different, too, because It's weird to be my big brother's boss.
I just don't know how to act around anyone any more.
- So don't.
- What? Don't act.
Just be, Debra.
You're too much in your head.
You're You're thinking too much.
Just do the job, live your life, and give it all a chance to sort itself out.
I don't know if I know how to do that any more.
What would you be doing right now if you hadn't gotten this promotion? If I wasn't lieutenant? If I didn't have briefings and reports and meetings coming out of my ass? Yeah.
I would probably throw a housewarming party at my new beach house.
Well, that sounds like a lot more fun than worrying about all this other stuff.
For a shrink, you're not that annoying.
Thanks.
Not that you'd ever need a shrink, but You might need a bookmark.
I would guess it's obvious that people who party all night also don't get up in the morning, but I'm finding it very inconvenient.
Come on, Leo.
Wake up.
- Cops, man.
- Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck.
- Fuck you, man.
- Hey, behave.
That's my little gentleman.
Now, I know the Locos are the supplier for this neighbourhood.
And I'm guessing that you, being a savvy consumer, have kept abreast on who's running their operation now.
- I don't know shit.
- I just don't believe you.
I'm afraid you leave me no choice but to flamingo your ass.
- Ass What? - It's a Chicago thing.
It's ironic, because we don't actually have flamingos in Chicago.
You actually have them here in Miami, and yet you don't flamingo people.
I'll catch you later.
Wait! Yeah.
The new Locos shot caller is Leo Hernandez.
Drives a black muscle car, similar to the vehicle ID'd at the garage drive-by.
Operates out of a house at the intersection of St Andrews and Romaine.
I'll send backup.
About time, Leo.
Police officer! Hold it right there.
Hold it! - He's coming out! - Hands up.
Come on.
Go, go! He's down.
Hold your fire.
Get in to secure the weapon! Clear! Pull it in! Is this the Locos' shot caller? Yeah, recently retired.
Hey, Dexter, can I watch you do the blood work? Louis, we're learning fingerprints.
You're not ready for blood.
Come on.
Leo, you're not going in my slide box, but justice has been done.
So why doesn't it feel better? Think you got the right guy? In the sense that he was trying to blow my head off? Definitely.
As to Brother Sam, I'll know when I find the 9mm that put the holes in him.
DVD player's on.
Security disc.
From the garage.
OK.
It's not a slam dunk.
That looks like Leo.
He had on the same sweatshirt when he was shot, he had the disc in his possession, and Yale has two witnesses who say Leo was bragging he was gonna "smoke that negro pendejo, Brother Sam.
" That sounds like it should hold.
Good work, Mike, everyone.
Oh, if you haven't heard, there's a party at my place tonight.
BYOB.
Not because I'm cheap.
It's just cos I don't have time to buy booze.
This doesn't make up for Brother Sam, but at least we got the bad guy.
Yeah.
Something's not right.
Eli isn't barking.
If Leo were the man in the hood, the dog would be going crazy.
The only person other than Brother Sam Eli doesn't bark at is Nick.
I'm sorry, but the professor said no painkillers.
Please, just let me go.
I can't do that.
I have a son.
A little boy.
He needs his mother.
Please.
I can tell you're a good person.
Please, help me.
- Well, look who's here! - Hey, Lisa.
Class, this is my brother Travis.
Can you say hello? Hi! This is such a surprise.
I mean, I'm I'm thrilled.
But you've You've never visited me at school before.
Just needed to see you.
That's music to my ears.
You wanna paint with us? Oh, no.
I I have to get going.
Come on.
Class! Travis is a very talented artist.
Don't you think he should join us? - Yeah.
- Yeah.
OK, OK, just a little bit.
- Yay! - Yes! So what are we painting? We're painting whatwe're gonna be when we grow up.
I'm gonna be a nurse like my mom.
That's a great thing to be.
- What about you? - I'm gonna be a Transformer.
Oh, scary.
Don't you envy them? So full of dreams.
And all the time in the world to make them come true.
The night Brother Sam carried Nick from his apartment, Nick fired a shot at him.
From the couch, I'm guessing, since he was stoned.
So the bullet should be here.
Did it come from the same gun that shot Brother Sam? The striations match the bullet taken from Brother Sam.
Nick shot Sam, the man who tried to save him.
He's the ultimate Judas.
Thank you for coming down on such short notice, Professor Porter.
You didn't give me much choice.
I hope you understand that we're trying to solve a series of brutal murders, and your cooperation is very important.
I don't see how.
I already told you everything I know and I gave you Gellar's boxes.
Professor Porter, are you the woman in that photo? Yes.
Why didn't you tell us about this? To tell you the truth, I'd forgotten about it.
Ma'am, you are lying naked in the middle of campus with a dead sheep on your head.
That's not the kind of thing that just slips your mind.
Look, if that photo got out, I would look like a total flake to my The faculty.
Quinn.
Why aren't you in there with your witness? I had paperwork backing up, so Angel took this one.
Paperwork? She's a material witness in the fucking Doomsday murders.
Come on, get in there.
Professor Porter, did you Do you share any of Professor Gellar's religious beliefs? I didn't know he had any religious beliefs.
He was an academic.
Professor Porter.
Detective? So that would be a no.
You're not a believer in apocalyptic prophecies.
Of course not.
Look I was just a prop.
I was young.
I was trying to win favour with my professor.
Well, kind of an unorthodox way to go about it.
He was an unorthodox man.
- Has Gellar contacted you? - No.
I told you.
I haven't seen or talked to him in over three years.
Well, you didn't tell us about the photo, so you could see how we might be a little sceptical.
What the hell is going on here? You think because I posed for a photo once, that I'm somehow involved in all of this? No one said anything about you being involved.
But you're acting like I'm guilty of something.
Not at all, Miss Porter.
We're just trying to ascertain the full nature of your relationship with Professor Gellar.
I told you the full nature of the relationship.
I was his TA, and for a brief time, we were lovers, but that's over.
Are you sure about that? Jesus.
If we were still involved, would I have slept with Mr Warmth over here? Or are you implying that I'm a whore as well as an accomplice to murder? Professor Porter, can we just stay on the subject here? No.
I've had enough of this.
I'm leaving now.
You bother me again, I'll get a lawyer.
Goodbye, Joey.
Leave us.
Are you out of your mind? You fucked a person of interest? Who fucks a person of non-interest? This is no time to be a smartass.
I could have you fired.
That woman was the key to interpreting all of the Gellar evidence.
She's never gonna fucking cooperate with us now.
Is that really what's bothering you? What? What What the fuck else? Maybe you're jealous.
Are you kidding? I could give a fuck who you fuck.
Just don't fuck with my investigation, you fuck.
Well, I guess we're off.
You sure Deb invited me? I really do not want to crash a party with your son.
Yes, I'm sure, have fun.
I'll be there later, after I take care of my business.
Sending Nick in pieces to the bottom of the bay.
Hello? Of course, right away.
Thank you for coming.
It was really important to Sam that he talk to you.
This is good news, right? He's regained consciousness.
Probably not.
Doctor says sometimes people come out of comas before He doesn't have long.
Sam.
I'm here.
Don't worry.
I know it was Nick who shot you.
I'm gonna make sure he pays.
No.
Don't do that.
I don't understand.
I want you to to give Nick a message from me.
Yes.
Tell him that I forgive him.
What? You're the only one that I trust to do it.
I didn't tell anybody.
The boys from the shop, they wouldn't They They're not ready.
You're wrong, I can't do this.
You can.
You don't know me.
Yes, I do.
I know about your darkness.
But I also see your light.
If there's light in me, I don't feel it.
I just wanna hurt Nick.
You don't know how much I wanna hurt him.
You need to forgive him.
I don't know how.
Just let it go.
Can't live with the hate in your heart.
Eat you up inside.
We gotta find some peace in life.
Nick doesn't deserve it.
It ain't about him.
Dexter, if you don't let that darkness go, it won't let go of you.
Let it go.
Let it go.
For you.
You can just put it on the liquor table.
No, no This is a special bottle.
It's a housewarming/apology gift.
I should have told you about Quinn and Carissa Porter.
Yeah, you should've.
I hope it doesn't hurt us with Doomsday.
Me, too.
Why couldn't you trust me, Angel? I do trust you.
Of course I do.
It's just that Quinn's my partner, and you're the boss.
I guess I haven't adjusted yet.
Well, that makes two of us.
It was the wrong way to go.
It won't happen again.
Here.
It better not.
And this bottle better cost at least $50.
Not even close.
Harrison's out like a light on your bed.
But if that's inconvenient, I can totally move him.
It's fine.
Oh, and Dexter said to tell you that he'll be late, but he'll be here.
- OK, thanks.
- Sure.
Jamie, I feel like we got off on the wrong foot.
- What do you say we start over? - I'd like that.
Then how about we have some of this fancy-ass tequila? I never say no to fancy-ass anything.
Let me ask you a question.
Is Dexter as cool at home as he is at work? Why? Is he, like, your hero or something? Yeah, right.
That That would make me a nerd, which clearly I'm not.
Hey, you fucks.
Let's get the party started.
Oh, God.
Please tell me he didn't drive.
No, my lovely assistant did.
Debra, chick from bar.
Chick from bar, Debra.
I'm sorry, Lieutenant Debra, her royal fucking majesty, Cindy.
Feel free to hang all over me, babe, because Debra here is completely over my shit.
Wait a minute.
This is your ex? You brought me to your ex-girlfriend's house? No, actually, you brought me.
Have a nice life.
Damn, I just keep getting dumped.
Let go of the darkness.
How is that even possible? Has Satan brought you here, Travis, or has God? God.
I'm glad to hear that.
Everything's ready to mark the whore.
I have to go out and do further preparation.
When I come back, I expect it to be done.
Who's there? What's happening? No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- What's happening? - Get out.
Where are you taking me? No, please.
You're free.
So were you hoping to become a forensic analyst or whatever? Actually, I already have a career.
I create video games.
Wow, that's so cool.
So why are you a lab intern then? Oh, I'm I'm developing a new game about homicide.
I just figured it was a great way to do research.
I'm sorry, but you must be, like, a model, right? Because there's just no other explanation.
Hey, excuse me, we were kind of talking.
Exactly.
Were.
Run along back to the lab, Igor.
I think I better go check on Harrison.
- Yeah.
- Excuse me.
- Okay.
- Sorry.
Move! - Hey, buddy.
- Hey! Why don't you give my sister a little space? I can't help it.
She has an outrageous ass.
That's enough.
I wanna have a relationship with that ass.
I wanna have babies OK, Quinn, I think it's time we call you a cab.
You ever love me? Now is not the time.
Come on, Deb.
It's not that hard of a question.
Did you ever love me? That's what I thought.
I'm sorry.
He's gone.
That's it.
Brother Sam is gone.
Will you honour his dying wish? Forgive Nick? I want to.
What did Brother Sam say? Just let it go.
Let go of the darkness this one time, and show Nick the light.
I've accepted the path I'm on.
But can I take a detour with Nick for Brother Sam? One thing is certain.
There's no way to get around the fork in the road.
- Hey, Dexter.
- Hey.
I'm glad I ran into you, I was hoping we could talk.
Let's go for a ride.
Dexter Morgan.
Please leave a message at the tone.
Where are you, bro? You gonna tell me what this is about now? Don't you recognise this place? It's a beach.
It's the beach where you were baptised.
So? So I thought it would be a good place for you to explain yourself.
What are you talking about? Brother Sam regained consciousness.
I know you shot him, Nick.
You gonna arrest me? I keep telling you, I'm not a cop.
What do you want? I want to know why.
Why'd you do it? I don't know.
You don't know? You don't know why you put three bullets in a man who only wanted to help you? Who believed in you? Who sacrificed for you? A man who gave you a home.
A man who baptised you.
Because he's full of shit! He gave me hope, but nothing changed.
My life was shit before he dunked me under those waves, and it's still shit.
He lied to me.
My homies never did that.
So you went back to them.
They wouldn't take me.
Not unless I proved myself.
Leo wanted Sam dead.
That's why you gave him the security disc.
Here I am.
The fork in the road.
Brother Sam loved you, Nick.
Then why'd he rat me out to you? He didn't.
He sent me to forgive you.
Brother Sam forgives you for gunning him down like a dog.
Your life might not have changed, but his did.
Hey, look, I've gotta talk to him, all right? We can work this out.
I can't go back to jail.
He's dead.
What? He died about an hour ago, which makes you a murderer.
Turn yourself in to the police.
They'll find you anyway.
No, they won't.
The only witness is dead.
There ain't nothing on that disc.
It's my word against yours.
They got no proof.
Nobody can do anything! Sweet Jesus! I can't believe this worked out, man.
There's no light in you.
There's no light in me.
Hey, little brother.
Miss me?

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s06e06

