Age of Innocence



                    			1 Previously on "The Vampire Diaries"  Bonnie: Ric wants to bring jo back to life  With a stone that's filled with evil incarnate.  Alaric: The phoenix stone.  Bonnie, are you ok?  There's something wrong with that stone.  We have to destroy it.  Damon: My mother's a lunatic,  And everyone's too scared to stop her.  The deal has been made.  We don't mess with them, they don't mess with us.  What is valerie doing with stefan's journal?  Entry for July 15, 1863, should tell you why.  Stefan, voice-over: I met a girl. Her name is valerie,  And she may be the most wonderful girl  I have ever met.  Damon: She has elena.  And I'm the only one who knows where she is.  Stefan: She has caroline, she has elena.  This is her plan.  Then we don't let her fracture us.  Or we do. There were 4 heretics at the funeral.  Dead malcolm makes 5, but in 1903, there were 6,  Which means there's one more.  I'm gonna find him, negotiate a trade.  We're gonna get them both back.  [cell phone ringing.]  Hello?  Tyler, it's stefan.  Have you spoken to caroline?  No, and please don't ask me to.  I have no desire to get mixed up  In your drama with her.  Listen to me. My scar opened up.  I don't have much time.  I need you to warn caroline.  She's not taking my phone calls.  Ok. I'm on it,  But you should be running.  I'm way ahead of you.  Take care of yourself, tyler.  [bring me the horizon's "throne" playing.]  every wound will shape me   every scar will build my throne   Bonnie, voice-over: "dear elena"  "not to dive into the bad news first,  "but there's a severe drought of good news lately,  "and, well, this sort of concerns you.  "lily's hiding your coffin somewhere.  "she promised to keep you safe  "as long as damon stays out of mystic"--  [people screaming.]  You seen my phone?  I, uh, seen your empties, your dinner,  Your razor.  You know, clothes would be nice.  Got it.  How long you planning on crashing here, damon?  You know, you could compel yourself  A whole sorority house if you wanted to.  And miss this "odd couple" squalor?  I'm starting to enjoy the luxury of having  One barely functional showerhead  After years of being tortured by the 4  That I have in my actual home.  Relax. It's just till we hunt down lily's  Lone wolf heretic and swap him out  For my girlfriend in a coma.  Yeah, and, uh, how long until that happens, huh?  Pretty soon thanks to donovan--  A phrase no one has uttered ever.  Heh heh.  He's checking lily's cell phone records.  Hi, bon bon.  Please tell me I'm not interrupting something.  Oh, trust me. You're not.  What's up?  That phoenix stone that I touched yesterday,  You did destroy it like you promised me, correct?  Why? What happened?  I just had another vision,  A flash of horrified people with x-shaped wounds  On their skin,  And when I opened my eyes,  10 minutes had gone by.  The stone's gone. I, you know, watched it  Dissolve in hydrofluoric acid.  You're positive?  Bonnie, the stone's gone.  Who wants to go to myrtle beach?  -I'm busy. -Pass.  Well, that's too bad because lily made  A bunch of phone calls that bounced off a cell tower there,  And something tells me she's not making plans for her spring break.  Why would lily send one of her heretics to myrtle beach?  Tell you what. You ask him yourself  After he's safe in my car's trunk, hmm?  So anyone up for an old-fashioned hostage swap?  Does agreeing to go mean you putting on pants?  I'll even give you shotgun.  Stefan, voice-over: Valerie was like a fresh breath of air.  I'd been suffocating and hadn't realized it.  [music box playing melody.]  Unh!  Ooh. Ugh.  [nora and mary louise giggling.]  Ergh.  Thanks, nora and mary louise.  Real classy.  I hate you both.  [cell phone vibrating.]  Hello?  Caroline?  Stefan?!  How are you on my phone right now?  You must have dropped it when you got  Threshold-vacuumed out of here yesterday.  How are you? Are you ok?  Well, I'm spelled into your room  By a menagerie of mean girls, but other than that--  I know. I'm still trying to figure out a way to get into the house.  I'll be fine. Just keep damon  From killing any more heretics.  I will. Lily's only keeping you there to turn me against damon.  I'll convince her that I hate his guts,  And she'll have made her point.  Who's valerie tulle?  You wrote about her in your journal from 1863.  She must have found a copy in the prison world.  Are you talking about one of the heretics?  Yeah. Dirty blond hair, blue eyes.  She's one of my new psycho housemates.  Unh!  Caroline?  Ugh!  Dirty blond hair, blue eyes, psycho.  Summarized me to a tee.  Caroline?  [glass shatters.]  [sighs.]  You can take my town, you can destroy my house,  But you will not touch my car.  Good morning, stefan.  What are you doing?  I was out practicing my driving  And saw an opportunity to work on my parallel parking.  [air hissing.]  [sighs.]  Must have run over a nail or something.  The streets around here are a disgrace.  Listen. You need to tell those spoiled brats  Living in my house  To stop torturing caroline.  Of course. As soon as you tell your brother  To stop killing said spoiled brats.  Damon and I aren't speaking right now.  -Really? -I have no idea where he is.  Apparently, you did both of us a favor  When you told him to leave town.  Then I will give a lecture to the girls on their manners.  Is one of those girls named valerie tulle?  I was wondering when you might put those pieces together.  I knew valerie years before you did.  She worked in my tb ward.  After I turned, I took her under my wing.  If memory serves me, you didn't meet her until 1863.  How would you know that I met her?  Because, stefan, I sent her to you.  [laughter and chatter.]  [fiddle playing.]  You have to move.  Excuse me?  Your sad mood is spoiling the fun for everyone.  I'm valerie tulle.  Stefan salvatore.  Are you new to town?  Just passing through.  I hope not too fast.  Caroline: Ohh.  How do you have this?  Nora gave it to me.  What was the deal with you and stefan?  Wouldn't you like to know?  You know what? You're right.  I'm already in enough pain.  The last thing I need to think about  Is some girl who batted her eyelashes at stefan,  Like, a million years ago.  "some girl."  I wasn't just some girl to him, caroline.  I was the first love of stefan's life.  Why did you send valerie to me?  To check on you.  Like any mother longing for her children,  I was in a black hole of depression.  Yes, stefan. I'm more than the cold-hearted snake  You and your brother wish me to be.  It took me a long time to get over losing you.  Anyway, I had been invited to travel to europe  With a--a vampire gentleman friend of mine,  But I refused to leave until I knew  That my boys were ok.  Heh. A gentleman friend.  You had a boyfriend?  His name was julian. What? You're acting  As if that's absurd.  Well, your first husband  Shot and killed his own son,  So you'll have to excuse me if I don't  Trust your type.  Julian was nothing like your father.  No. What was he, a nebbishy banker,  Town butcher perhaps?  Julian was the man you are not supposed to fall for,  So of course I did.  [cheering.]  For the soldiers!  Yes!  Have your tickets ready, ladies.  The men on the battlefield need us.  [cheering.]  Hello.  Ha ha ha! You have to hold still.  It will be delicious, I promise.  Hmm.  Oh, ho ho ho!  Aren't we ladylike?  Stefan, meet julian.  Your daughter and I were just appreciating  The scientific wonder of gravitational force.  Heh.  Hmm.  How wise you must sound to less intelligent men.  Julian is not my father.  Oh. Ah, my apologies. I just assumed--  Incorrectly as it turns out.  Valerie darling, a word.  Uh! You're wrinkling my dress, julian.  What are you doing?  Lily sent us here to get a sense of his mood.  Exactly. His mood, not his manhood.  Remember, his mother gave very strict instructions  For us to keep our distance.  Do not displease her.  I have everything under control.  Valerie, voice-over: I was lying.  I wasn't prepared for how taken I was with him.  He was gorgeous and sweet.  And that's when you compelled him  To write all those nice things about you  In his journal.  Spoiler!  I've heard this story before  When a sweet, little orphan girl  Named katherine pierce waltzed into his life.  I suppose that would have been easier  Had I actually had the ability to compel people.  I wasn't a vampire back then.  I was just a witch rejected from her coven  For being an abomination of nature  Because I had no power of my own.  The only magic I had was contained in an amulet  To be siphoned in times of need.  I have a brother who's away at war,  A father who judges me for not joining him,  And a mother who was strong and kind.  She died when I was 10.  I'm so sorry.  Oh, it was a long time ago.  There's no shame in missing her,  A man on the outside with the heart of a boy.  There are worse things.  Your chaperone is quite persistent.  Then we shall elude him.  -Come. -What are you doing?  [whispering.] invisique.  How did he not see us?  Would you believe me if I said magic?  And then  None of your business.  I know why you put that burning spell on me.  It's not so mary louise and nora couldn't touch me.  It's so stefan wouldn't.  Be more obvious.  Well, since you're so curious,  Please allow me to continue.  Julian is going to kill me.  Just compliment the whiteness of his teeth.  He'll forget all about it.  Is something wrong?  No. No.  It's just that I've never  Do you mind if I  Cloves:  do me a favor   just keep me near   don't you remember   when you said what I wanted to hear?   I'm not so clever   but I know it's real   if I left without you   I don't know if I'd ever heal   where are we now?   you've got me thinking   where are we now?   we're falling further   from our love   don't you wait   don't you wait   from a distance, we stopped trying   don't you wait   don't you wait   It was his first time.  I'm sure you've been someone's first,  So you know what it's like  To have a completely unforgettable place  In someone else's mind.  Of course.  That's what I thought.  Alaric: Ok. So  What's the plan?  Ok. Fair trade.  One heretic in good condition  In return for the coffin housing elena.  No. I meant the plan where we try to capture  A powerful heretic who'd prefer we were dead.  Easy. B-town stuns him with magic,  You shoot him with vervain,  I--kchk-- snap his neck.  Yeah, but after we get him to siphon away my visions.  Wait. What?  Well, the visions are magic.  He's a siphon. It's worth a shot, right?  Any other suggestions  Of how we can rid bonnie of this  Mysterious pain she's in, ric?  Room service. Free shrimp.  Hey. You folks have the wrong--holy!  Damon salvatore.  You know me?  Of course I know you.  It's good to see you're well, old friend.  Come here, man.  Hey. All right.  Ha ha! Come in, come in. Come on.  Oscar: Uh, you caught me in the middle  Of a 72-hour social gathering.  Ahh. Make yourself at home.  Uh, friend, with the vervain gun,  If you could holster that, I  Sure would feel a lot more comfortable.  How do you know, damon?  Oh, he's lily's son,  The hero soldier.  Ha ha ha!  We--we met at a bar near gettysburg,  July of 1863. Nothing?  I go to a lot of bars.  Heh heh. Right. Right, right.  Uh, well, your mom was going through a rough patch.  She could not move on until she knew her boys were ok,  So she sent me out to find you.  My mother abandoned her family and ran for the hills.  She doesn't give a flying crap about me.  I sense hostility, and that's fine.  All emotions are--are valid and welcome here,  But it's the truth.  She just wanted to know you were happy, damon.  She loved you.  Hey, you guys. What can I get you?  Cocktail, joint?  Heh heh. Jenny?  Does my mom know you're here?  Hey, hey, hey. Shh.  Ha ha ha! Shh!  Ha ha ha!  No, no, no. Keep the car on this side of the road.  Valerie never told me about your romance.  Well, valerie never told me that you were alive.  Would it have mattered?  Is that a real question?  She told me that you'd forgotten all about me.  She said you had moved on.  That--that was the only way I was able to move on, as well.  My mother was practically ripped out of my arms  And sent to a tb ward.  You don't move on from that.  You find distractions.  Come with me. I want to show you something.  Heh. This is romantic.  This is my mother's grave.  I come here every day  To replace the flowers.  She's been dead for 6 years,  But I'm still trying to make up  For my failure.  What do you mean by that?  She had consumption.  One day, her coughing would not stop.  My father sent me to go buy some flowers  To make an herbal tonic.  I ran to town as fast as I could,  But by the time I got home with the flowers,  She had been taken to the sanatorium.  You never got to say good-bye.  She died in the tb ward shortly after.  I always wonder what would have happened  If I had just been able to run a little faster.  The tonic would have helped her.  She could have lived.  Were these the kind of flowers you were sent for?  Yes. Cream--  Cream violets.  The tonic would not have saved her.  Huh. That's--  That's very kind of you,  But you cannot be certain.  But I am.  I worked in a sanatorium, caring for patients  Who were just like your mother.  Cream violets have no medicinal properties.  It's an old wives' tale.  You father sent you on a fool's errand.  You were only 10. He  Probably wanted you out of the house  To make it easier on himself.  No matter what, you couldn't have saved your mother.  Her death is not your fault.  Julian: Time to say good-bye.  I expected you would visit here sooner or later.  Sir, if you would just let me explain.  We are leaving for new york now.  I did not mean to disobey you.  It was not me who you disobeyed.  Come with me now, and we will speak no more of it.  The carriage awaits.  When will I see you again?  I will find my way back to you.  I promise.  So it's kind of like "the notebook"  Except you two never reconnect  And he totally forgets about you.  Julian was in a hurry to get to europe.  He convinced me to lie to lily,  Tell her that stefan was happy.  Believe me, julian had a way of convincing  Anyone to do anything.  Alaric: So why did lily send you here?  Heh heh. She didn't send me here exactly.  She had a job, and I volunteered,  And she has the family on a short leash back home  With this whole "I took you in as orphans,  So I know what's best for you" vibe.  No, thank you. You know, you can get  A drink served to you in a fishbowl here.  Ha ha ha!  Oh, hey. The other day,  I called a number on this card,  And just like that, I had a girlfriend.  It's called an escort service.  But she really got who I am, you know?  It was a beautiful human experience,  And that's what I've discovered here--freedom.  The bad trip inside that prison world  Has ended, my friends,  And I am breathing in what my soul was craving--  F-r-e-e-dom.  Well, in the spirit of helping others  With their freedom, I have a favor to ask you,  You know, as a siphoner.  Huh?  Let me translate for you.  My friends were playing with some mystical tool  They didn't quite understand,  And now bonnie's chasing her own white rabbit  Around the farm.  So you want me to, what,  Siphon her problems away?  Just think of it as one big magical toke.  Heh. Ha ha ha!  I don't--I don't really like to mix mediums,  If you know what I mean.  Siphon the damn visions.  We won't tell lily that we saw you  Avoiding whatever mission you were sent to do,  And we'll call it a day.  Ok then. Come on.  -Ready? -Yeah.  [people screaming.]  Where's the phoenix stone?  Uh  How do you know about the phoenix stone?  How do you know about the phoenix stone?  What are you people up to?  Espirimus paratis.  [all gagging.]  [neck snaps.]  Damon: Good news. Your visions are gone.  Bad news-- so's oscar.  Ohh.  He took the stone.  Uh, how is that possible when you destroyed it, ric?  We need to find him right now.  Did you know he still had it?  Aw, come on. I mean, y--I--  A littl--kind of.  Ric, tell her what happened.  No. I'm asking you.  I live with the guy.  Guys know stuff.  -You lied to me. -I didn't lie to you.  Ric lied to you. I just kept my mouth shut.  Wait. I'm not gonna be stuck in the middle of this.  No, no. You sort this out.  I'm gonna go find our bargaining chip.  So the visions, the lost time,  The crippling headaches, they don't mean anything,  Doesn't matter to you?  Oh, of course, they matter,  But bringing jo back matters more.  You don't even know what this stone does,  If it will work.  I was dead, gone,  And so were you, bonnie.  We came back. We got our second chance.  We were on the other side, ok?  It doesn't exist anymore.  Look. Jo was the love of my life,  And if there is even a 1% chance that this could work,  I need to take it, no matter how dangerous or insane it may be  Because if I don't I'm gonna spend the rest of my life  Wishing I had stayed dead.  No, no. Keep your eyes on the road.  Make a left here.  It'll take us back into town.  Is there anything else you'd like to know?  No. I mean, it doesn't matter.  Obviously, it was all a lie, right?  What do you mean?  Well, valerie was using me.  No. No. Valerie wouldn't have hurt you  Because that would have inadvertently hurt me, as well.  Hmm. Did it ever occur to you that maybe valerie  Doesn't give a crap about you or anyone else?  -I don't believe that. -No?  How about the part where she sent me a telegram  Saying she was coming back?  She what?  She'd been gone a few months.  Valerie, voice-over: I promised I would find my way back to you.  "I long to be in your arms again."  Stefan: She said she wanted to run away with me.  Her telegram said to meet her Friday at noon.  Heh. I showed up two hours early.  Valerie, voice-over: He waited and waited for me.  With every passing footstep, he would turn,  Expecting to see me.  Stefan, voice-over: I sat around all day like an idiot,  Past sundown, after nightfall,  But she never showed up,  So, yeah, I guess you could say I'm wondering  What the hell the whole point was.  Surely, you're not still angry with her.  It was 150 years ago.  Valerie: Eventually, he accepted that he'd been abandoned  All over again,  And then he walked home  Under the cold and distant stars.  How could you do that to him?  There was a change of plan.  I'm done talking to you about this.  [foghorn blowing.]  Slipping away before sunrise  On the very day our ship leaves for England?  Let me pass. I'm not going.  Yes, you are.  Because lily will not travel anywhere  Without her precious little orphans,  And it is imperative that I leave today.  Do I frighten you?  No.  Because I can hear your heart beating faster,  Both of your hearts, in fact.  Does stefan salvatore know that you are pregnant with his child?  Damon: I lied.  I do remember you.  I was fighting for the south.  It's not exactly a time I like to reminisce about  In front of my friends.  Yeah. You had the same opinion back then.  Hated everything your side believed in.  Hey. You wanted to desert  But feared shaming your old man.  You compelled me to take sick leave.  The next day, my entire regiment was slaughtered in gettysburg.  You saved my life.  I couldn't compel you back then.  All I did was talk to you  From one human to another.  I told you to follow your heart.  Now it's my turn to desert.  I don't want to be a part  Of lily's cavalry, ok?  I--I don't want rules or--or a chain of command.  I just want to have fun.  Ha ha! You know what?  A little extra piece of advice.  A lot of people want the phoenix stone.  Mess with it, and you end up dead.  Full disclosure,  I don't care about the stone.  Then why are you chasing me, man?  Let's just say I'd like to cash you in  For something way better.  Unh!  Aerodux motus.  Agh!  Aah! Aah!  Phasmatos mosinus pyros allum.  Phasmatos mosinus pyros allum.  Phasmatos mosinus pyros allum.  Phasmatos mosinus pyros allum.  Phasmatos mosinus pyros allum.  Never lie to me again.  Damon: Aw. My besties are buds again.  Let's go make a deal.  Is valerie here?  I heard her leave the house.  I guess torture makes her hungry.  Forgive me for prying,  But I heard your mother died this past spring.  I just spent the day reliving stefan's first time.  I really don't feel like talking about my dead mother  With my hostage taker, but thanks.  I was simply curious about one's ability to heal  After such a loss.  Well, you must have had a mother.  I mean, even mussolini had a mother.  Of course I had a mother.  Then you know that love is different than  Any other kind of love.  Stefan wrote about you all the time.  You can read for yourself.  Here.  He loved you.  He missed you.  Nora, remove the barrier spell, please.  As of this moment, miss forbes is no longer a prisoner.  What, is this one of those mean girl tricks?  No. It's a reward for stefan's honesty.  Go before I change my mind.  I don't know what made your heart grow 4 sizes today,  But thanks.  In the prison world before we desiccated,  I came here every day to think.  I can see that sometimes you still do, as well.  That's a comfort.  It's strange to be here with you  Finally able to tell you the truth.  Please don't tell lily.  Well, you have your reasons for staying here,  And I have mine for leaving.  Whatever will we do?  [coughs.]  Valerie, voice-over: Julian solved his dilemma  By beating me senseless  Till I was left near dead  And the other heartbeat inside me stopped.  When I regained consciousness,  I was on the ship to England.  Lily said julian had found me robbed  And beaten on the street.  She believed him of course,  And she healed me with her blood.  Julian knew I could never tell lily what he had done  Because that would also have exposed my lies.  Lily: Thank you.  She never would have forgiven me for having an affair with her son.  I didn't want to live under julian's thumb,  So that night as we crossed the atlantic,  I drew myself a bath, laced my tea with laudanum,  And went quietly to sleep  But I died with lily's blood in my system  And by virtue of pure happenstance,  I became the first heretic.  You don't know how sorry I am  About everything.  Maybe you never will.  So what does a rock that makes you see  Screaming people have to do with reincarnation?  I don't know, but I've read that book already  Cover to cover, and it's a waste of time.  In fact, all of these are a waste of time.  They talk about resurrection,  The phoenix rising from the ashes,  But nothing about a stone that  Brings people back from the dead.  Are you sure you understand what you're trying to do?  It's not like jo's spirit is behind a veil  That we lift and she magically appears.  This is necromancy.  I'm gonna show you something.  The hospital can only preserve the body  For a set amount of time.  I've been paying off the tech to fake the logs.  Jo is still in there.  -She has to be. -Ric.  I know what I'm getting myself into.  I--I just can't do it alone.  At least tell me you'll try.  I'll try.  [cell phone vibrating.]  Damon.  You should have come yourself.  It's been a long day.  I have little energy for your riddles.  Gettysburg, 1863.  You sent oscar to check on me.  If that had been you, it would have changed  The entire course of my life.  I was supposed to be dead.  And I was supposed to be your son.  How do you know this?  Your prodigal heretic was fear-and-loathing  In the armpit of myrtle beach.  -Oscar. -Don't worry, mommy.  He's in the middle of a vervain detox.  Give me elena. Maybe I won't kill him.  You will not lay a hand on another member of my family.  [sighs.]  You know, this whole family thing  Really irked me at first  But now I get it.  You loved me, time passed,  And you moved on to a new family.  So did I.  Why don't we end this mutual disdain once and for all?  Give me elena, you get your son back.  Caroline!  [sizzle.]  Ah!  [sighs.]  How did you escape?  I didn't. Lily let me go.  -She did? -Yeah.  I guess today is just full  Of valerie-sized surprises, huh?  Aquilo: I'll leave it alone   Heh.  Look. I was just a kid when I met her,  Just a troubled boy mourning his dead mom.  I was young and human.  I was young and human when you and I met,  And I remember the exact moment  When I first saw you.  And do you remember the first time that you ever saw me?  I'm sorry. That was totally unfair.  Just please forget I asked.  I mean, you were even sitting next to elena,  So of course you only had eyes for her.  Things have changed.  Different circumstances, different results.  Here's a different circumstance.  Valerie's out of the prison world.  Does that change anything for you?  Of course not.  You don't wonder what would have happened  If valerie would have shown up to meet you.  I don't wonder anymore.  I don't care about the past.  All I care is that you're here and you're safe.  You're with me.  Aquilo:  waiting for you, darling   waiting for the word   waiting for you, darling   I know.  just say it   and nothing will stand in my way   [fluorescent lights buzzing.]  You're awake.  Awake and  Coming down hard.  Where the hell am I?  A college town near mystic falls.  Did lily send you?  Lily has no idea where you are.  I used a locator spell.  Maybe I can turn this thing around  Before she gets in the loop.  Hmm.  So have you done your duty to the family  And found julian yet?  Can you keep a secret?  You have no idea.  I found him months ago.  And you didn't tell lily?  I didn't tell anyone.  I wanted to  Live a little before I came back.  And now that you're back?  I don't know, val. I haven't exactly  Thought it through from my hostage bed here.  Heh. Heh heh.  I know you, oscar.  Eventually, you'll leverage julian's location  For your freedom from lily.  Hmm. Yeah. That's a-- that's a pretty good idea.  Yeah. Yeah. I'll probably do that. Heh.  Hmm.  You have a sweet soul, oscar,  And you've been good to me,  Like a brother.  But julian is the devil.  [coughing.]  I can't let lily bring him back.  [gagging.]     
                
