The Walking Dead s07e07 Episode Script
Sing Me a Song

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s07e07

1 ANNOUNCER: Previously, on AMC's "The Walking Dead.
" (CHUCKLES) You should go before you find out how dangerous we all are.
Did you just threaten me? We're gonna manufacture bullets here.
Per the law of supply and demand, a full cartridge is now the coin of the land.
Everything we have, we got from fighting.
We play by their rules we get some kind of life.
What kind of a life? (WHISTLING TO THE TUNE OF "THE FARMER IN THE DELL") (WALKER GROWLING) (WHISTLING CONTINUES) (WHISTLING STOPS) (GRUNTS) (WHISTLING RESUMES) (AARON BREATHING HEAVILY) What time is it? Just past 5:30.
Let's go.
Didn't see that last night.
Didn't see what? George: Still going.
Looks like the end of them, though.
All damn night.
At least Negan's smart enough not to let that mess anywhere near us.
Fat Joey's good for something, at least.
What, eating cake? He rigged the herdway.
Just trips.
Nothing fancy.
Guerilla kind of stuff.
What kind of stuff? As in warfare, idiot.
Those demo sticks from that run last month, the RPGs from the new guys.
(SIGHS) Maybe it takes it down.
Takes them out.
All right, it's a trickle.
- Let's go.
- Finally.
Thank Christ.
(ENGINE STARTS) Making a trail.
I think we're close.
We should bail out, follow the rest of the way, see what we can see.
I, uh How? It isn't usually the fall that gets us.
It's trying to fight it.
Run with it or roll with it.
The truck's going slow enough.
We'll be in the blind spot.
We can race behind one of the other cars.
I-I-If If I screw up and we get caught It'll be fine.
We just got to go now.
Okay.
Show me first.
(CHUCKLES) "Show me first" (WALKERS GROWLING) (BRAKES SQUEAL) NEGAN: Okay, boys, let's get this haul unloaded and inside.
I want to get back in there and unload a little myself.
MAN: Negan, need to talk to you about redirect.
What about the redirect? It got screwed up.
We're on it now, but it's a mess out there.
And whose job was that? George: a pack and a tent Aw, damn.
I thought they packed this up tight.
Ah, no worries.
Plenty more where this came from.
- Right? - (LAUGHTER) Son of a bitch! - (LAUGHS) - What the hell? Stay back! Drop your weapons.
I only want Negan.
He killed my friends.
No one else needs to die.
(NEGAN WHISTLING) Damn.
You are adorable.
Did you pick that gun 'cause it looks cool? You totally did, right? Kid, I ain't gonna lie you scare the shit outta me.
(GRUNTS) Kid! NEGAN: Dwight.
Back off.
Is that any way to treat our new guest? Come on, kid.
I will show you around.
(WALKERS GROWLING) (WALKERS GROWLING) Come on, kid.
I'll show you around.
You know, you do the same damn stink-eye as your dad, except it's only half as good 'cause well, you know, you're missing an eye.
(CHUCKLES) Really? You're really not gonna take my hand? 'Cause you're lucky you even still have a hand.
Same as your boy Daryl over here, now that I think about it.
How's the job going, Daryl? Hot enough for you? Yeah, it'd be tough with one arm.
(CHUCKLES) Ah, smart kid.
Now come with me.
Dwighty-boy, why don't you grab Daryl, take him to the kitchen, do a little grub prep.
New plan, boys.
Let's burn the dead, unload the truck later.
Damn, I am not gonna have time to screw any of my wives today.
I mean, maybe one.
(WALKERS GROWLING) Come on.
What are you gonna do to me? (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) Number one, do not shatter my image of you.
You're a badass.
You're not scared of shit.
Don't be scared of me.
It's a disappointment.
Number two you really want me to ruin the surprise? Screw you, kid.
Seriously.
Screw you.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) Check this out.
The Saviors have gone out into the world and fought the dead and come back with some really good stuff.
Some of that stuff can be yours if you work hard and play by the rules.
Today, everybody gets fresh vegetables at dinner.
No points needed.
(APPLAUSE) You see that? Respect.
Cool, huh? They still on their knees? As you were! Hey, I wanted to show you a few potentials I've rated B-plus or higher.
I know where we're going.
While I'm picking up a high level of certainty, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that after a thorough analysis of the grid, X'ing out any places we've already combed, I do believe I've bull's-eye'd some worth considering for the specific task at hand.
What? Finding goods for Negan.
No, we're not doing shit for that cabrón.
You're not going out to find stuff for the Saviors? (SCOFFS) Why not? There's no fighting it, Rosita.
Perhaps we should all travel together.
I'm down.
We come across a haystack, four POVs could draw out whatever we're looking for.
We're fine on our own.
I know you don't like it and you don't want to hear it from me, but we got to produce for them.
This is like taxes.
Hey.
Come here.
Hey.
You can keep acting pissed at me, but I didn't do this.
Rick did.
You think you can do better.
Yes.
(CHUCKLES) Sure.
No, I bet you already have a whole truck-load full of stuff hidden out there for yourself, huh? Go get it.
Pay your taxes, and leave me the hell alone.
Let's go.
Ladies.
Don't mind the kid.
I know.
Every woman where you're from dresses like they do the books at an auto shop.
You're gonna want to look at their titties.
It's cool.
I won't mind.
They won't mind.
Knock yourself out.
Can I talk to you for a minute, dear wife? Make yourself comfortable, kid.
(SIGHS) What happened with Amber and Mark? What we talk about when you're not here is none of your business.
Fair play.
You want to know what I heard? I heard that Mark skipped out on redirect duty to be with Amber.
I need to know if it's true.
Ahh.
There are rules for a reason.
Nothing matters if you're dead.
You, my dear, are here because you get that.
She made a mistake.
Go easy on her.
Calm the hell down.
I ever hit one of you? No.
But I know you.
There's worse.
Well, look at you! (CHUCKLES) To be continued.
Amber, baby.
You know I don't want anyone here that doesn't want to be here, right? Mm-hmm.
Oh.
So if you want to leave and go back to Mark you can.
But what can't you do? Cheat on you.
That is exactly right.
You can't cheat on me.
There's plenty of other gals who would love to take your place, and there's a few job openings that I can think of.
You want to go back to Mark and your mom? Hell, I'll put you all on the same job.
No.
I I'll stay.
I'm I'm sorry.
You know what that means, right? You know what that means, right? Ye Yes.
I love you, Negan.
Oh, of course you do, darlin'.
I don't know why you're crying.
It's all gonna work out aces for you.
(CHUCKLES) Will you get Carson for me? Yeah.
Did you see that? Wasn't hard on her, even though I am very hard in general.
You're an asshole.
I know.
But the messed-up thing is, you like me anyway.
You know the truth, just like me.
(CHUCKLES) Carl, will you grab this tray for me? Why do you got him here? Whoa! What we talk about when you're not here is none of your business.
Do not make me put this toothpick through the only eye he has.
You go with Dwight.
He'll get you a mop.
Dwighty boy fire up that furnace.
I'll be down in a few.
Time for a little déjà vu.
Come on, kid.
We have today and only today to find somethin'.
They could be back by tomorrow.
Could be back now.
Hating somebody is that a sin? No.
Well, not necessarily.
Thoughts are just thoughts.
It's our actions that matter in the end.
I hate Rick.
He was a cop.
Fine.
He shouldn't be in charge.
My mother, she she served in Congress.
She led people.
She brought out the good in people.
Rick brought out the good in me.
How? By bullying you? (CHUCKLES) A little.
But mostly by inspiring me.
He didn't just keep people alive.
He brought us all together.
He's not perfect, but he's a man who finds his way.
He didn't keep everybody alive, Gabriel.
My mother, my father, my brother It wasn't his fault.
He got here, they died.
Or maybe other people didn't die because he got here.
Or maybe we shouldn't have attacked that outpost - and then Glenn - We don't know! We can't.
We don't get to.
We're here now and we can look to the future.
What future? There's no future with him in charge.
The thing I can't stop thinking is that maybe the only good thing that could happen for us now is he never makes it back.
Stop the car.
(BRAKES SQUEAL) What you're saying it doesn't make you a sinner.
But it does make you a tremendous shit.
Just for now.
It doesn't have to be terminal.
I'm gonna go back.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES) (WALKER GROWLING IN DISTANCE) (GROANS) Are all of those women actually your Wives? Yeah.
Always wanted to screw a whole bunch of different women.
I mean, why settle for just one? Why follow the same old rules? Why not make life better? Speaking of sit.
Let's get started.
Started on what? (CHUCKLES) I want to get to know you a little better, Carl.
Why? Work it out.
You're smart.
In fact, I'm gonna tell you just how smart you are, in case you don't already know.
See, I'd expect a kid your age to be moping around, not doing a damn thing, except crying about missing the prom.
But you you go on a mission.
You find me, you kill two of my men, and you're smart enough to know that I'm not gonna let this slide.
(CHUCKLES) Ah, I can't I can't do it.
It's like talking to a birthday present.
You got to take that crap off your face.
I want to see what Grandma got me.
No.
Two men! Two men.
Punishment.
Do you really want to piss me off? (SIGHS) (CHUCKLES) Almost there.
(CHUCKLES) Get that hair out of your face.
Let me see.
Christ! That is disgusting.
No wonder you cover that up.
Have you seen it? I mean, have you looked in the mirror? That is gross as hell.
I can see your socket.
(CHUCKLES) I want to touch it.
Oh, come on.
Can I touch it? (SIGHS) Damn.
Holy hell, kid.
Look I just It's easy to forget that you're just a kid.
(SNIFFLES) And I didn't mean to hurt your feelings or anything.
I (SIGHS) I was just screwing around.
- Just forget it.
- (KNOCK ON DOOR) (SIGHS) Come in.
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir, but, uh you left Lucille out by the truck.
Seriously? I never do that.
I guess a kid firing a machine gun is a little bit of a distraction.
All jokes aside, you look rad as hell.
I wouldn't cover that shit up.
It may not be a hit with the ladies, but I swear to you, no one is gonna screw with you looking like that.
No, sir.
Fat Joseph, did you carry her all the way up here for me? Yes, sir.
Were you gentle? Were you kind? Uh Did you treat her like a lady? Mm, yes.
Yes, sir.
Did you pet her little pussy like a lady? (CHUCKLES) I'm just screwing around, man.
A baseball bat doesn't have a pussy.
(CHUCKLES) (LAUGHS) Get the hell out.
(DOOR CLOSES) Now, you see? That's what I'm talking about.
Men breaking each other's balls.
This is the shit your dad's supposed to be teaching you.
(SIGHS) What do you like to do for fun? You like music? I want you to sing me a song.
What? Yeah.
You mowed down two of my men with a machine gun.
I want something in return for that.
Sing me a song.
I I I can't think of any.
Bullshit! What'd your mom used to sing you? What'd your dad play in the car? Start singing.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Uh You are my sunshine Go on.
My only sunshine You make me happy When skies are gray (GRUNTS) Do not let me distract you, young man.
You'll never know (GRUNTS) dear How much I love you So Please don't take my Sunshine away That's pretty good.
Lucille loves being sung to.
It's about the only thing she loves more than bashing in brains.
Weird, huh? Did your mother sing that to you? Where is she now? (SNIFFLES) Damn.
Dead, huh? You see it happen? (SNIFFLES) I shot her before it could Damn, no wonder you're a little serial killer in the making.
That was an example of breaking balls, by the way.
Come on, kid.
Get up.
It should be ready.
What should be ready? The iron.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) (LUCILLE CLANGING) Hold that for me.
You know the deal.
What's about to happen is gonna be hard to watch.
I don't want to do it.
I wish I could just ignore the rules and let it slide, but I can't.
Why? All: The rules keep us alive.
Negan: That is right.
We survive.
We provide security to others.
We bring civilization back to this world.
We are the Saviors.
But we can't do that without rules.
Rules are what make it all work.
I know it's not easy.
But there's always work.
There is always a cost.
Here, if you try to skirt it, if you try to cut that corner (CHUCKLES) then it is the iron for you.
On your feet.
D (CHUCKLES) Mark I'm sorry.
But it is what it is.
(WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY) (MARK SCREAMING) (CHUCKLES) Ah, that wasn't so bad, now, was it? Jesus.
He pissed himself.
Clean that up.
Doc, I'm all done.
Do your thing.
Well, the pussy passed out.
But it's settled we're square.
Everything is cool.
Let Mark's face be a daily reminder to him and to everyone else that the rules matter.
I hope that we all learned something today, because I don't ever want to have to do that again.
Some crazy shit, huh? You probably think I'm a lunatic.
Come on.
Let's go figure out what to do with you.
(WALKER GROWLING) (HOOK CLANGS) (STAND RATTLING) (GROWLING CONTINUES) (GRUNTING) (STAND CREAKING) (WALKER THUDS) I didn't want to come back here.
I don't No.
I asked you to make me a bullet.
You said yes.
So make me a bullet.
You're right.
I said yes.
But that was peak heat of the moment.
Uh, in the intervening hours, I've been taking a deep dive into other options and contingencies, trying to game out any iteration in which charging into this enterprise makes any sense.
I'm not trying to definitively stop ya.
Just maybe slow your roll.
Maybe go on for some lullin', false sense of security-wise.
- I'm not waiting, Eugene.
- That's just being stupid.
Pendejo, you don't know what the hell you're talking about.
I think I do.
I've analyzed this top to bottom.
It doesn't matter if you're stealthy, snipey, gun, or knifey.
Abraham was right they have the numbers.
His ballgame, unless we put together a finishing move for a force of many, along with the man in charge.
A single bullet ain't gonna do it.
Best case, maybe you take him out.
Then make me a bullet.
Somebody has to pay the price.
Even if you're willing from all we've seen, it's not a lock you'll be the one.
Will the man who killed the man who saved our lives die? Maybe.
Then make me a bullet.
You're not talking me out of this, Eugene! You owe me, and you owe him.
And if there's a price, I'll pay it.
But don't you tell me no.
You don't know anything.
You don't do anything.
You're a coward.
And you're weak.
The only reason you're alive is because you lied and because people feel sorry for you.
So, for once do something useful and make me a bullet.
(DOOR CREAKS, CLOSES) (SIGHS) (SIGHS) Don't beat yourself up.
Why would I? He He asked you about Mark and Amber, and you sold 'em out, right? You had to.
That's not what happened.
Whatever helps you sleep at night.
How do you sleep at night? I don't.
I watch TV straight to the morning.
When we made that deal with him, that was us deciding something.
This was only supposed to affect us.
No.
If you're still standing, then it's always on somebody else's back.
You should go.
Someone's going to see us.
We're not doing anything.
No.
We're not.
(DOOR OPENS) Can I wrap up my face now? No, you absolutely cannot.
Why the hell not?! (CHUCKLES) Look at this badass.
You can't because I'm not done with you.
And I like looking at your disgusting, rad-ass, badass eye, so it's staying out.
What? You got something to say? Why haven't you killed me? Or my dad or Daryl? Daryl is gonna make a good soldier for me.
You see, he thinks he's holding it together but you saw it.
Your dad? He's already getting me great stuff.
You, on the other hand Well, we shall see.
It's more productive to break you.
More fun, too.
You thinking that's stupid? I'm thinking we're different.
Mm.
You're a smart kid.
What do you think I should do? You know I can't let you go.
So, do I kill you? Iron your face? Chop off your arm? Tell me.
What do you think? I think you should jump out the window to save me the trouble of killing you.
(CHUCKLES) Oh! Now, there is the kid that impressed the hell out of me.
I think you're not saying what you're gonna do to me because you're not going to do anything.
If you knew us, if you knew anything, you would kill us.
But you can't.
Hoo.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I can't.
(CLAPS HANDS) Let's go for a ride, kid.
(WALKERS GROWLING) Daryl! You seem worried, so I'm taking the kid home.
If you do anything to him Dwight! Daryl needs a time-out.
Put him back in his box for a while.
(ENGINE STARTS) (DOOR OPENS) MICHONNE: Drop it.
Your knife, too.
(KNIFE CLATTERS) What next? You want my shoes? Take me to Negan.
Start it up.
Let's go.
(ENGINE STARTS) (TIRES SCREECH) Aah! Aah! Aah! (BREATHING HEAVILY) (GRUNTS) Take me to Negan.
(KNOCK ON DOOR) (DOOR CREAKS) (WHISTLING) - Carl, where's - Enid's fine.
Great, great, great, great, great, great! Where's Rick? Uh, I - I'm just - Don't care Where's Rick? Um, out scavenging for you.
Cool.
I'll wait.
Um he went out pretty far.
They might not be back today.
We're running really low on everything.
We're practically starving here.
Starving? You? By "practically," you mean "not really.
" (CRYING) (CHUCKLES) Really? (SOBS) You people seriously don't have a sense of humor.
(SIGHS) Excuse me.
What's your name again? Olivia.
Right.
Olivia.
I am sorry for having been so rude to you just now.
And it looks like I'm gonna be here for a while, awaiting your fearless leader's return.
And if you'd like I think it would be enjoyable to screw your brains out.
I mean, if, you know, you're agreeable to it.
I am about 50% more into you now.
Just sayin'.
(CHUCKLES) All right, well, I'm just gonna put my feet up and wait for my stuff to get here.
Olivia would you be a lamb and make us a little lemonade? Now, I know I left you all some of that good powdered stuff.
Well, I'm supposed to be with Make it.
Make it.
Take your time.
Make it good.
All right, kid! Take me on the grand tour.
( "BANG BANG" PLAYS) I'll trade you my heart for your heart, baby Give you all my kisses to boot I'll trade you my heart for your heart, baby Give you all my kisses to boot If you feel you'd like to make a deal Cock your pistol and rooty-toot-toot Bang bang bang bang, bang-bang-bang - NEGAN: How about this one? - Bang bang bangedy-bang-bang CARL: Oh, I-it's just a water heater Are you serious, kid? Come on.
Bang bang bang - Bang bang bang bangedy-bang - Oh-ho, my.
Bang bang bang - Look at this little angel.
- Bang bang bang Bangedy-bang Oh.
(WHIMPERS) - Bang bangedy-bang - (CHUCKLES) This guy he's armed.
Has food, supplies, ammo.
"The only way that you have possibly read this far without being shot is that I am dead.
" (WALKERS GROWLING) Looks like he protected his supplies.
Looks like they're still protected.
Today and only today, right? Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm sorry for what I said.
I reject that.
(SCOFFS) I am sorry.
No.
Maybe the words, but not the intent.
You sound sincere, but it's just a flea circus.
You got what you wanted.
This is just you feeling bad and not saying that you didn't mean what you said.
You meant it, you felt it.
That's your truth.
Eugene I'd like to take it back to awkward silence now.
Find what you wanted? Rosita: Did just fine.
Yeah, me too.
Where did you acquire all this? (CHUCKLES) Latin.
It was a pain-in-the-ass class.
My mom said that pain would be useful someday.
It's a list of caches from a dead guy with a plan.
Dug up medical supplies, water purifiers, flares And you're just gonna give it all to them.
That's what Rick wants us to do, right? So that's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna do more than that.
(WHISTLES) (GATE UNLOCKS) They're here.
He's here.
(NEGAN HUMMING) Oh, this little girl is precious.
(HUMMING) Hey, neighbor.
Why don't you come by later? We might grill out.
(CHUCKLES) Oh, I like it here.
Mm-hmm.
I might just have to stay here.
You know, I was thinking about what you said earlier, Carl.
Maybe it is stupid keeping you and your dad alive.
I mean, why am I trying so hard? Maybe I should just bury you both down in one of those flower beds.
Huh? (CHUCKLES) And then I could just settle into the suburbs.
What do you think about that?

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s07e07

