Under and Out



                    			Previously on Prison Break The bracing'll be tricky. The tunnel needs proper support, or it'll come down on our heads. Call her, tell her you've got some information. Make sure she picks you up, and get in the car, all right? He bought a gun. Just thought you'd wanna know. If you're really leaving, take me with you. Please. I don't wanna be here anymore. You don't want any part of this. A part of me doesn't wanna believe he works for them 'cause he's the man I loved, the man who was going to take me to Paris. If he doesn't take you, I will. Impressive, blanco. Too bad you won't be around to enjoy it. How long is this going to set us back? We got 24 h to dig out that tunnel. You mean the one it took you Let's say, by some miracle, we're able to part the dirt sea, Moses. Then what? How you plan to get around the guards' tower? Mr. Whistler here says that - you got stopped last time by a cloud. - I'm still working on that. I wanna know if this girl's gonna put out - before I buy her more drinks! - I agree. - We both know what's riding on this. - I'd say I know better. I don't care who knows what, as long as somebody knows how we getting out of here by tomorrow. You coming? Not today. James and I have a lot of things to clear up, but I'm done trying to do it through a fence. You ever wish you could go back in time? Just to remember how it was like when things made sense? Every day for the last three years. Is that Whistler's girlfriend? - Why is she staying in the car? - She thinks she'll see him tomorrow. - You spend a lot of time together. - And? - You sure that's wise? - Where are we? Behind schedule. But we should be on the same side of the fence tomorrow afternoon. - What do you mean,"should"? - The tunnel gets us into no-man's land. To get to the fence, we're gonna need a new diversion for the tower guards. - What time? - Daytime's still our best option. - They double the guards at night. - And the Jeeps? Yeah. And there's something else. What? T-bag's coming. And Mahone, Bellick - There's a drug lord, too. - It's not about them. - It's about Whistler. - We don't know who he is. What about what he's worth? My son's life. I just wish there was another way to do this. To save LJ without handing Whistler over. Look, man, that's it. There isn't. I know. Listen, you worry about the tunnel, I worry about the guards. - See you tomorrow. - Tomorrow. Now, don't skimp on the braces up there. In fact, add a little extra, just We can work on this railroad all the livelong day, but it don't matter if Scofield doesn't know what happens once we get off the train. Once out, it's every man for himself. Scofield's not responsible for any of us. - Is that so? - You don't know him very well, Shakespeare. When we broke out of fox river, he tried to screw every one of us. Half the men ended up either dead, captured or worse. The guys who are easiest to catch are the ones who spend more time more time pissing and moaning at each other than running. My only advice to you: Ecclesiastes 6:13. "Separate thyself from thy enemies, and take heed of thy friends." - How we doing, Alex? - Well, if those braces hold, we could be to the surface sometime tomorrow. Let's rotate. Keep everybody fresh. Welcome to the coal mine, canary. I'm gonna be here all day? Don't drop your body-water on me like that! It ain't coming from me, I swear. Engineer, come. Look at this. - We hit a pipe or something? - Oh, no. That's right above our tunnel. That's not gonna hold till tomorrow. So what do we do? We leave tonight. Tonight? But you said a nighttime escape was impossible. If the rain keeps up, the tunnel'll collapse and that'll be over. It'll be the end for you. You're the one on a deadline. What if it crashes when we're inside? We'll be buried You want out, get out! You're not pulling this off tonight without all of us working around the clock. And none of us will get out of here without his plan, so if you tell me you can figure out a way how to do this at night, then I, we can figure out a way how to get that tunnel dug in time. Let's start digging. I think you dropped something. I've read in old newspapers that make it to Sona, how Americans hold others to standards they ignore. How they think no one should have power but them. I tell everyone it's a lie, but I see it's true. I know you're leaving. And I think that after everything I've done to help, I think it sucks you're not taking me with you! I know it doesn't seem like it, but I'm doing you a favor. - I'm giving you a gift. - Life in prison? Thank you. - I've always wanted one of those. - It's better than a life on the run. I don't belong here. - All I did was give a guy - You're not going! I'm sorry. - It's for the best. - How do you know what's best for me? It's good to go. You know where and when to be? If you're not there, we're screwed. - You all right? - I'm fine. - I'm just gonna grab my stuff. - Yeah. Probably best if you and James disappear. I know. I know. You know where to meet us, right? Playa blanca. You'll be on the - 3-12. - 3-12. I'll see you tomorrow then. - Good luck. - You too. It's that Susan chick. She wants to meet again. Good. Let her know everything's on track. We wanna make her feel as comfortable as possible. Why shouldn't she be? She's gonna get her guy tomorrow, right? Well, if Michael's conscience doesn't get in the way. What do you mean? - He's having doubts. - About if he can pull it off? About if he should. But he's gonna go through with it, right? What are you looking for? Where the power lines connect to Sona's exterior lights. If cutting the power was possible, why didn't we do that 1st? One, the power out there isn't controlled from in here. And two, there's that. Every prison has a backup generator. Even if we cut the lights, they'll just come back on again immediately. - That's a big bloody problem. - Tell Lechero I need his phone. Change of plans, Linc. We're doing this tonight. Tonight? What happened? Rain, dirt, tunnel, problem. - How long can it hold? - That depends. On what? When the rain stops. You said breaking out at night was impossible. Yeah, well You wanna tell me how you're gonna pull this off? For starters, I need to get ahold of Sucre. Sucre, do you know what I do for a living? I have a pretty good idea. I read people. And you, my friend, are a coloring book. I think you left this in my car. That was just My fault. I guess I just didn't make myself clear when I laid out the terms of our arrangement. So I'm going to try again as simply as I know how. Anything happens, anything at all I wasn't expecting, and there'll be one less pregnant girl in Chicago. Michael and Lincoln don't tell me everything. Fernando, this is your last chance. I want a yes or a no. Are the brothers going to break Whistler out of Sona? Yes. Are they planning on handing him over to me? Yes. Where do you want me to shoot Maricruz first? In the bun or in the oven? OK! There's one thing I heard. It's Michael. He's having some concerns about Whistler. What kind of concerns? About handing him over. You got to understand, he broke out some pretty bad guys last time. I think he's never forgiven himself for that. - He's planning on leaving him behind? - Maybe. I don't know. Hello, Lincoln. It's going down tonight. Tonight? Should I be worried? I called you first thing. I'm being straight up with you. That's refreshing. So I'll see you tonight. You show me yours and I'll show you mine. It's going down tonight. Do you know about that? I didn't know, I swear. Get out of here. - How'd it go? - She found the bomb. The one we put in her car. - How did she find the bomb? - I don't know, bro. I'm sorry. It's not your fault. I'll make it up to you, I swear. You can start now. Michael's in a bit of trouble. What kind of trouble? The rain stopped. - Does that mean - No. The damage is done. We can't risk waiting. anything interesting? Like some coordinates the company might want to get their hands on? If they didn't want me out of here here and your nephew was safe, - would you still be doing this? - Breaking out? Why would you choose to stay if there was a chance at freedom? I guess that's the difference between us. - I'm willing to pay for my sins. - And I'm not? That's a good question. Water's coming down pretty fast up in here. Yeah. We have to dig faster. I've been thinking. It doesn't have to be every man for himself. You and I can help each other. If I need a hand, I'll find someone with a spare. While it's true I may be lacking something in the west, I more than make up for it in the north. Think about it. Scofield's got us down here doing manual labor, slave labor. I ain't no slave. I do it for me. Why do you think Scofield's up there and we're down here? He's planning something. Who among us isn't? What the hell is that? - We're good. - Yeah. We're all right. Okay. Hello, Lincoln. Long time no see. Not long enough. I was thinking that we could have a little chat in person. Check we're on the same page about what'll happen tonight. - All right. - 30 minutes, this location. Jorge! Jorge! Hey, papi, it's me. Lincoln said you needed some help. How much do you know about electricity? Hey, you're back. I'm not real comfortable being alone down here with those What's that? Syrup, honey. Make a little pile of dirt. Gather some dirt. Scofield said we gotta make something to cover the hole once we get out. So when the lights go back on, it's gonna look like nobody ever left. Go ahead. Spread it around. I was thinking we should be a team. Not just during the escape, but after. - Like Butch and Sundance. - Butch and Sundance died. I mean in the other parts. Here's an idea. We go along with Scofield's plan, then when we stop to take a breath, we grab 'em, Burroughs, Scofield, Bagwell. We take 'em back home to face charges. We'd be heroes. Might even get a book deal. We could write it together. How'd that be? - A book deal? - Yeah. - Gonna make you happy, Brad? - You got a better idea? Yeah, I do. - Something to do with a wife and kid? - Yeah, something like that. You got room for one more? Come on, Alex. What's a guy like me gonna do? Let's just let Scofield get us out, then we'll worry about the rest, OK? - All right. - Come on. A little more dirt. Listen very carefully and do exactly as I tell you. You sure you don't want Linc to do this? - He knows more about this than I do. - It's not about what you know. It's about where you work. And as a Sona employee, my friend, you have the unique ability of not getting shot for being here. You see the admin building? - I see it. - Go to it and make a left. To it and left. Got it. On the other side is a berm. There should be a metal cage. That's the backup generator. Okay, I see it. Don't let the tower guard see you got close. Just act casual. When I say now, you run and duck behind it. Almost. Hold on. Now! There should be some writing near the bottom. I need the name of the manufacturer, make and model number, anything. Yeah, I got it. It's a Prana Industrial. Model number 3210. It's 1-800-555-0196. All right. Thanks. It's all I need. - You really think you can pull it off? - You wanna know the truth? No, I just want all of it to go down smooth. For everyone to get what they want. Yeah, I do. Listen, even if you get this worked out with the lights, - what about the Jeep patrols? - We'll have to take our chances. Maybe you don't. You all right? Yeah, I'm fine. - Where's LJ? - Somewhere safe. Take a load off. Can I offer you a drink? What's going on? I just wanted to get everyone together so we can discuss tonight's agenda. - Maybe nail down a few guidelines. - Nothing has changed. Actually, I was thinking we should probably include all the players. Don't you? What are you doing in here? Just keeping watch. Make sure nobody tries to get down to the tunnel. - Who are you calling? - Yeah, hi. Is this customer service? Yeah, I'm a sub working, building down here in Panama, and we got a client on-site. They're asking questions about the 3210 generator we're installing. Yeah. Exactly. Anyway, they wanna know if the main power shuts down, how long are they gonna be in the dark before the generator kicks in? Yeah. Thanks. I'll hold. You're a very good liar. That's the timing? No, that's That's it. Appreciate it. Well? We gonna make it? We should have just enough dark to make it out. With everyone? - Hey. - You with Whistler? Susan's with me. She wants to get a message to him. - Why? - Put him on. It's for you. - Yes? - I got him. What now? Tell him I want him to listen carefully to the following instructions. - She wants you to listen real care - I can hear. Instructions about what? Was that Sofia? Is she there? - What's going on? - He wants to know what this is about. All right. I'll tell him. Was Was that just is that Sofia? Is that Sofia? Have you figured out the coordinates yet, James? Please. - Almost. - Wrong answer. I'll get them for you when we get out of here, I swear. All your promises, your guarantees They mean nothing. I'm pretty sick of waiting around for you boys to screw me over. I want those coordinates by the end of the day. We gotta figure this out. Gotta do something. Gotta do something. We both know that you can't just hand over that information. Why? Why can't I? Once they get what they want, they'll have no reason to keep you or your girlfriend or my nephew alive. So what do I do? I just let them torture Sofia? We'll work something out. We'll think it through. I already have. Whistler What's so special about him anyway? You think he has anything to do with why these people wanted Scofield here? - It's really none of my business. - What exactly is your business? Something on your mind? I'm just saying if we needed a bargaining chip, do you think a sharp stick in that dull limey would help us out? There is no "us." You and me are a lot more alike than you think. We both know how it feels to lose a great love. How it feels to kill a man. And we both ended up in here because of Michael Scofield. Wouldn't it be poetic justice if we could just - return the favor? - Justice? If there was an ounce of it left in this world you'd be lying face down in the same unmarked grave as the rest of your inbred family. The only difference between me and you is a badge, and the last time I checked, you didn't even have that, so keep on hoping for your happy endings, you just keep on plowing ahead with them blinders on, but the thing about them blinders is it makes it really hard to watch your back. It's gonna be better soon, I promise. He's right, you know. If James loves you the way he says he does, he'll give us what we want, and then you and your white knight can ride off into the sunset. Unless you're already with him. You scared, Susan? Do I look scared, Lincoln? To pull something like this - you desperate? - You need to stop fighting with me. If you really understood everything, you'd know we're not the bad guys. Could've fooled me. Have you ever done the wrong things for the right reason? What are the right reasons? What is it about Whistler that's so important? I could tell you. But then I'd have to kill you. You're gonna do that anyway. Whistler gives us what we want, maybe I won't have to. Linc called. They're on their way. I figured them out. The coordinates. I'm gonna hand them over. I thought you should know so you can take whatever precautions you can. What if What if you give them the wrong coordinates. - It might buy us some more time. - Maybe Linc can get Sofia to safety. Like he did with Sara? I'm sorry. I I didn't mean to. I I just don't know what else to do. I'm damned if I do. I'm damned if I don't. - There's no way to win. - It's not about winning anymore. It's about surviving, which is not the same as giving up. But you can go gracefully. With honor. Protecting the ones you love. Honor's a luxury men like us can't afford. Can you promise me we'll make it out of here tonight? No games. Can you honestly promise me? I can promise you I'll d everything in my power. - I wish that were good enough. - If you do this if you give them what they want everything that's been lost will have been for nothing. Monjares! Linc, he's gonna give it to them. - Relax. I'll see you in a minute. - What are you talking about? Scofield, you have a visitor! I suppose introductions are unnecessary at this point. - What are we doing here, Gretchen? - We're here to say good-bye. I promise you, sweetheart, they're not gonna hurt you anymore. Do you have the coordinates, James? - Yes. - I'm sorry. - I tried to run away - This is not your fault. It's mine. When I took this job, I knew they weren't good people. I just didn't know how bad they were. And everything that's happened it's all because of me. And for that I'm truly sorry. The coordinates. Just pass them through. What the hell are you doing? I'm buying some goodwill. You're buying her funeral. You know I have what you need. And I'll give you the rest. But only after I know that Sofia, that LJ, and that these men here they're all safe. Do you understand me? Everything's gonna be all right. I'm impressed. It seems our fisherman grew himself a set of oysters. Can you really trust these men with her life? Yeah, I believe I can. All right, James. But there's been some confusion about the timing of things. Last-minute changes, etc. I'm gonna make this clear for everyone involved. If time runs out and I don't have the second half of those coordinates, LJ and the señorita stop breathing. - Say good-bye, sweetheart. - Lincoln! Linc Don't be stupid, Lincoln. I've helped you. Now you help me. Please. Just get us out of here. You sure about the timing on the backup generator? All we got to do now is cut the power to the exterior lights. - How are you gonna do? - I'm not. It can't be accessed from the inside. - How much time have I got? - Let's say 5:15 tomorrow morning. That'll give us enough time to dig out the tunnel before the sun rises. - And Whistler? - What about him? He manned up. He could've given the information, but he didn't. - Still concerned about turning him in? - I've got my concerns about pretty much everybody. You know what I mean? Mostly, I'm just tired. Tired of choices consequences. I just want this to be over, tonight. Let's do it. When you're on the run, you're always looking over your shoulder, listening for the sirens, wondering if that pretty girl across the street is staring at you because she wants you, or because you're wanted. You change your name, the way you look and leave everything you ever knew behind. And the ones you love, they're the ones who have to pay. That's what's waiting for you outside. That's why I couldn't bring you on. Because nothing good can come of this. Can anything good come from staying in? It has to be your decision. I I cannot be responsible for you. You won't have to be. Does your father still have that phone number I gave you? I think so. Tell him to call my brother if he wants to know where to pick you up tomorrow. Does that mean It means if a million things fall into place I'm gonna see my father tomorrow. Don't let anyone see you with that phone. I think we did it. I believe we're ready. She's a little wet, but she's ready. Makes me think of the first thing I'll do when we get out. Does anybody know what's Spanish for "don't shoot"? - No dispare. - No dis what? Relax. Nobody's gonna get shot. Just don't panic. As soon as Linc cuts the power, we go. - What about the Jeep patrol? - Taken care of. What about the backup generator? - Backup? - Nobody said anything There's a lag from when the power cuts out to when the generator kicks in. - How long a lag are we talking about? - 30 seconds. You expect us to run in 30 seconds? As soon as the lights go out, I'm gone. With or without you. Jorge Ribera. Now. Let's go. Off the bus! Now! Get off the bus! As soon as the lights go out, we gotta be ready to move. Tell us what the taquito's doing down here? - He's coming. - I don't think so. That's not up to you. Not sure, I think. - You gotta be kidding me. - See, we made up our own decision here. With the time frame being so short and all, we'd feel a lot better about this if we go first. - You gonna kill me? - No. - If we ain't first, he won't go at all! - All right! Just All right. All right, go. Just go. Just go. Every man for himself, right? You wanna move up in line, too? No, I think I'm gonna stay back here. I don't wanna turn my back on anybody. Thirty seconds. Go!   
                
