Good Fences



                    			Previously on Prison Break I just want to go It's okay. What special talents of yours made the Company decide you're worth more to them alive than dead? Be careful, Alex. - Were you able to find my book? - Yeah. But there was this guy. He took it. He said to tell you that Scofield's brother has it now. You have to break them out of there. You won't try anything like that again. But just to make sure, I left you a little something in the garage. What's so intesting out there, other than our freedom? Vine's alive, so the fence is dead. No current. Everyone in here knows that fence doesn't work. It doesn't mean anything. The soldiers will kill you long before you get to it. Well, I guess I got a lot of work to do, don't I? I get what you're doing. They hold your girl, you hold what they want. Countering needs. Churchill 101. Soon those bastards will ask me what progress I've made, and I'm going to say nil, 'cause Lincoln Burrows has the book. You know what? Threatening the brother of the guy who can get you out - isn't smart. - I'm not, we're on the same team. But if we play with that book, people who want me out of here will take action against us all. "I never worry about action, only inaction." Churchill 101. Now, like I said, I got a lot of work to do. Linc, you all right? I'm sorry, man. Just all this stuff it's starting to get to me. Listen, our situation could change very, very soon. The grave digger for the prison. I need you to reach out to him. - And tell him what? - It's all written down. But we got to get started now. What are you not telling me? All these people that have been hurt because of me. You know, it's - I'm so sorry, Michael. - They did this, not you. It's not your fault. Just get to the grave digger. I feel like we're running out of time. I am just a soldier in this war, Lincoln, just like you. I did not want to do that. Can you even comprehend the intimacy of the mechanics of what I had to do to that woman? It's horrible! If you and your brother are done playing games, L. J. will be fine. If not, the last thing I want to do is start mailing pieces of him to you. But if you push me, and not even that far, I will. I'll do anything you want. Just don't hurt my son. That's really up to you. I know the past few days have been hard, for me, as well. If you want to talk about it, I know what this pain feels like. I just want to get your boy out of Sona and get my son back. - Michael's got a plan. - I need details. We need to bring someone who works at the prison onto the team. - Who? - The grave digger. Get it done. Lincoln, I'm going to need that book. The Company did handwriting analysis on the one you gave me, and yours hasn't changed since high school. Just soldiers, Linc. Different armies, but soldiers just the same. Nice. - I was the best in my school. - Of all girls? Kiss my ass, bro. you can't do that again. - Bet. - Wait! - Adjust for wind. - Shut up. Just a bit outside. Bro, you know I don't have that kind of verde lying around. - It's gonna take a while. - The thing is, I don't have a while. - So, unless - No more favors. Alright. Can I borrow that cross of yours? I'll take it in trade. My dad gave me this. - Besides, it's not even real gold. - That's why I need it. Look, I'll give it back, okay? It's just a loan. I gotta go. This time, I wanna know why. It's light again. Someone's getting fat off of everything I built while I rot in here. Don't get upset, patròn. I only have a few more hours. Let's be nice. This motherless bitch! - You just get here? - Yes. Listen, I've been thinking about our little talk, and you're in. I'm in. Okay. - Just like that? - Right. I really don't have a choice, do I? - What's the plan? - I'm working on it. Meanwhile, I could use your help. - What do you need? - A black felt-tip pen. - A pen? - Yeah. - Why? - Some documents that need altering. I'll explain it to you later, but right now, I need that pen. And I'll tell you what else I need. I need you to get your act together. You need to bring yourself under control, because you're attracting attention that we don't need. - I'm under control. - Of course you are. This is what happens when a system is overloaded. See? Look. - Son of a - Power is out. - Fix it. - I'm a truck driver. Glad I found you. Just wanted to see how you're holding up. Just dandy. I've been having a tough time of it myself. It shouldn't be that way for us, seeing as how we're the only lawmen here in Taco Hell. Hang on a second there, Alex. We were a team on the outside, remember? I was your dog, and I still got a lot bark left I'm busy, Brad. What do you want? You and Scofield, you're up to something, right? You can tell me, one badge to another. I can help. Do you have a black felt-tip pen? - Not on me. - Then you can't help me. - I know. - You know what? I know you're trying to escape from here with that Scofield. - Sweetheart - Please, don't lie to me. Lincoln Burrows told me everything. There are some very powerful people that want me out of here. They want those brothers to get me out. - Why? - I'm not sure. Has something to do with a charter I did in Seattle. All I know is their end game is the same as ours, and that's me out of this hellhole. And once that happens, you and I will disappear forever. But I don't wanna involve you in this mess. - I want to help. - It's too dangerous. I don't ask your permission. I'm telling you. I can do this on my own, or you can tell me what you know and we can work it through together. I don't understand everything that's going on, but these brothers are trying to find out what they can about me. Let's see what we discover about them. Find out what they're all about. They're trying to get you out and you don't trust them? I don't trust any of these guys. And you shouldn't, either. If you insist on getting into this, promise me you'll be careful. Because God knows I will die if anything happens to you. Here. I said I need a black felt-tip pen. - It's black. - It's not what I need. Keep looking. He's playing you. He's playing you. Do not trust him. Your amigo, the American. He's a builder, an engineer, no? He's no amigo of mine, boss. And trust me, you don't want to get under the covers with Is he or is he not an engineer? Well, yeah, but - What do you know about electricity? - Only that we don't have any right now. Let me tell you something. This phone keeps all the food coming to the gate. It keeps my business and Sona running. Electricity die, phone die. Phone die, we die. We die or you die? You have enough education, but you're not being smart. Now, I come to you, that is an opportunity. Be wise and take advantage. Now, can you fix the ectricity just like you fixed the water? At's not that simple. The water pipes are inside the prison. The electrical lines are probably running underground along an exterior wall, which means they're out there somewhere in no-man's-land. So, you can fix the power? Last I checked, they shoot prisoners who go out there. So I think the answer is "no." You listen to me, and you listen closely, water boy. Like it or not, soldiers or not, you're going out into no-man's-land. - It's a suicide mission. - I'll make some calls. - You're gonna keep me safe? - As best I can. - I don't think I can do this. - No. You will help me with this. But I'll do something for you. I'll get you a new pillow, goose-feather like mine. Or a small TV? Alright. Get me that. Why? It's the 1st to get sunlight in the morning. You get me that cell, I'll get you electricity. Look, bro, I'm gonna be out of your way real soon. I saw these flyers for migrant workers in Colombia. It's coffee bean season, and they let Panamanians in, so I figure, with a good ID, I could pass. Bus leaves today, okay? Alright, well, before you get out of here, man I'm meeting someone, and I need a translator. Linc, I appreciate everything you've done It'll just be a couple hours, that's it. When I was 15, my cousin told me about a job that only lasts a few hours and, - I got 3 months in juvie. - I can't do it without you. - I don't speak the language - I can't miss that bus. I'm gonna make money and send it home. Underground or not, I'm gonna be a dad and you out of all people should understand that. I spoke to James. He confirmed what you told me about the escape. You and I, we both have people in there we care about. Please, let me help you. Is your Spanish as good as your English? Yes, Colonel. I just have one favor to ask. Just outside of the gate. You can bring your men. The phone is dying. Make him one. This is it? Not everyone has it yet. We let credit go a week, there is still time. The money's in your veins, addicto! No, patròn! I don't use anymore! I swear to you! I swear to you. Chin up, pal o' mine, chin up. Sí, Colonel. Yes, thank you, Colonel. We'll be right there. Come with me. Excuse me, do you Doou have a pen? Pen. Pen. Not Not not the brush but the pen. Pen. Yeah, yeah, pintura. Yeah. He's leaving you. He's leaving you, he'll be gone, and you'll be stuck in this maze forever! Thank you for arranging this for us, Colonel. I'm getting something out of this as well, I assure you. You know you can fix this electric problem? I won't know for sure until we can start digging, but yes, I think so. My men will shoot you in the back of the head if you so much as look at the fence. And you, patròn, if anything goes wrong. it will not only be his life that is lost. You have my word on that. No worries, Colonel. I'll keep him in line. - I'll dig. - I don't need your help. Come on, don't be proud. I heard you talking just yesterday. Talking to Mahone. You know about how us Americans should stick together. So I help you now, and I'm sure you'll help me down the road, right, Mikey? What is it, a '66 or a '67? - ¿Perdòn? - Your car. '66. What is it, 325 horses? - What's he saying? - He recognizes me, but he forgot it was at the prison. Tell him he'll make enough cash if he gets it cherry by next week. He knows we're not talking about cars. That's right. I know you're getting out of here. - I heard all about you and the Limey. - I'm fixing the electricity. Right, and I'm single 'cause I'm choosy. Don't make me tell anyone what I know. - What do you think you know? - Somebody called "The Company" wanted you in here to work with Whistler. Am I warm? What does "The Company" want with Whistler? I don't know, but you do. You don't seem to know much I don't need to know how to change a diaper to know when it stinks to high hell. - You're doing something here, Scofield. - You're right. I am. I'm fixing the electricity. You wanted to help dig? Dig. Hey, this is it. I assume we're doing more than just playing electrician. Don't worry. We're exactly where we need to be. Heat's getting to me. It's quitting time. You mind telling me why he's even here with us? He knows something's up. - How the hell does he know that? - Let's say I have a bit of a rep. From Fox River? I know who you are, mate. I figured it out just lately. Finally made sense why they pick you of all people to send here. No worries. It's in my interest to keep your little secret. But Bellick? Can't be trusted. I can handle Bellick. He's not in on this. - Okay, good. - But Mahone is. He's about as stable as a three-legged chair and he's coming with us? No, he just thinks he is. He needs his meds. Without them, he'll self destruct. It's just a matter of time. And if he doesn't? I'll string him along, tell him what he wants to hear, and then I'll cut him loose. How do I know you're not going to do the same thing to me? You don't. You need a hook-up, my friend? - No. - Take your time. I don't hard sell. My product speaks for itself. Outside, I took something. It's a prescription drug called Varatril, and I was wondering if you This ain't no farmacia, but what I got right here it's better than anything your doctor gave you back in the States. That's tar. Just take a taste, algo pequenito. You know, keep it in check. I don't have, money right now. Then I don't have any drugs. But there are a few ways for a man to make a few dollars in Sona servicing the needs of others I'm not into that You think I'm a punk? I'm just helping you get well, friend, just helping you get well. Señor Lechero? - Señor Lechero. - What do you want? You're a busy man, but I have to tell ya, I don't know exactly how, but Scofield's taking you for a ride. No, cerdo, I don't think so. I heard him talking about escape yesterday, - breaking outta here. - If he's talking about escape, why are you here telling me and you're not going with him? I would if he'd let me, but he's cut me out. He says he's square, but I know he's up to something. So if I ain't running, I might as well tell you and make my time here easier. Every man fantasizes about escaping from Sona. Yeah, but they aren't all in no-man's-land with shovels. I'm gave him the shovels. Get him out. I gave him shovels too and men to work with, just like you. I worked in the prison he broke out of. He said he was doing me a favor, fixing damage from a fire he started. And you know what I got? Hog-tied and left in a pipe under my own prison. There's nothing he can do. - The soldiers are watching. - I thought too, until he tunneled out of my guard's room. He buried something in a junction box out there and covered it with dirt. I saw him. Go see for yourself! If I'm lying, I'm dying. Trouble keeps finding you here in Sona, doesn't it? Let's take a walk. Rumor has it you are trying to trick me. I'm just doing what I'm told. Let's hope for your sake that's true. But just to make sure, let's go on out to no-man's-land and see what you buried there. Just wanna make sure my men are doing a good job for the colonel. Get in there. Get in there. Open it. Move the dirt. Now! It's duct tape. To fix the frayed wires. That's why the power was so inconsistent. I didn't want the tape to come loose, so I packed it down with dirt. Beautiful. Where are you going? I gotta turn the main power switch back on. I had to turn it off so we could work on the wires safely. - I'll come with you. - It's just a switch. - I can handle it myself. - You can but you won't. Hey, water boy, it's back here. I don't need the chain, just the cross. It's the perfect size and it's not real gold, so it won't conduct current. It keeps the circuit open, no power, even when the main switch is turned on. Take the cross out Sona lights up again. Lechero finds out you messed with his electric - you're dead. - That's why he can't ever find out. Now, don't make me come get you. Nobody back there can help you. It's some kind of mistake. It should be working. The only mistake I made was trusting you. Sammy Transformer delay. It's an old prison. Now, if you don't mind I'd like to move into my new cell. Thank you for your words before, blanco. Working for Lechero, - not an easy field to plow, comprende? - Yeah, I comprende. You and me, we're amigos, Nieves. When Lechero is in a better mood, I'm gonna put in a good word, help you, how you say, "move up the ladder." I appreciate it, compadre, but I was always taught that God helps those that help themselves. $15,000 - Why? - Because that's what he wanted. Relax. I'll get you the money. And I will meet you there. - How are you holding up? - I just wanna get this done. Good. - Stay here. - I'm coming with you. - Stay here! - You expect me to stay here and wait? - I don't care what you do. - You don't care? Who the hell are you to say you don't care? - You're not the only one affected. - Yeah, I know. It's the problem. But still, you'll do whatever you want? What kind of a man are you to They killed Sara and put her head in a box! And they've got my son! - I'm sorry. - You still here? - Lechero wants to talk to you. - I was about to get a little trim. He said I was looking all bhuttu! It'll wait. Did you know about this? - Did you know anything about this? - Me? No! Nieves - Nieves we was friends, man. - That's right! Now, if you knew he was using and didn't tell me his death is on your head. I don't know nothing about drugs. I don't! Tried some reefer when I was 12, I almost coughed up a lung! Good. That's good. There appears to be an opening on my crew. Here's your cross back, and Thank you. You're a real smart guy. What the hell are you doing in prison? Here. It's perfect. - How did you get it? - It's what you wanted, right? - Good work. - So what's the next step? We wait, and I'll keep you posted. You know what you need to do. What do you think? I know you fixed the electricity for a reason, but it wasn't to make that fence sizzle like the 3rd bloody rail. - Unless you wanna please the colonel. - It's in both of our best interests to make that fence as deadly as possible. Now, all we have to do is wait for my brother to come through with the grave digger. He wants more. You said $15,000. You said $15,000! Lincoln! I got it! - Understand? - ¡Calmaté/! What the hell are you doing? We need him! He will sell us out to the cops after he takes as much as he can from us. He's packing up to go. Kill him! He's going to betray you. Kill him! Good news, Agent Mahone! Due to the untimely demise of Señor Juan Nieves, I have now been promoted manager in charge in charge of retail distribution and customer liaison. - Get away from me. - All in due time. I'm not your momma, and I ain't one to wipe other's noses, but let's just say you've looked better. I want nothing from you. But sure seems you need something. On the arm. No strings attached. Get your head straight, Alex. Come on in, man. Come watch the match. Come. Oh, yeah. You guys call this football down here, right? Very good, very good. It's World Cup football without the silly hats you wear in America, where they all jump on top each other like a bunch of batty boys. Have a seat. Come! Coffee. The only thing I hate more than a rat is a rat with bad information. I'm sorry about all that, but my information was good. It's just that Scofield is a tricky bastard. He'll try something again. You'll see. Wait a minute! Come on, you guys! What are you doing to me? I gave you good information! Scofield's planning to escape! I'm telling you! He's a smart bastard! Come on, you guys! Come on! What are you doing? I gave you good information. You said something this morning about, "If I'm lying', I'm dying'." Just be thankful I don't hold you to that. Bagwell. Help me, man! Come on! You left this in your old cell. - Thanks, Alex. - You're welcome. It's funny that you could forget something as important as this is. Well, I'm glad you found it for me. Look. You are breathing only by my grace, Michael. Now, you remember the next time that you're gonna send me on a goose chase. - I didn't. - No, you did. And you think you can manipulate me, just like you did to Sucre, and Tweener and Haywire. I'm not your errand boy. I'm gonna go with you when you escape, and if you think, in any way that you'll leave me, I will put this piece of metal right in that  very small space right between your eyes. I will. How's L. J? How's Sara? They told me they're fine. - Listen, the grave digger is gone. - What do you mean he's gone? Linc, we can't do this without him. We know, that's why went to his supervisor the guy who approves any hires that job. Turns out he could use some cash. Mail call. This is how we're getting out? Yes. With a little help from an old friend. - What is that? - Kesslivol. It's a chemical that kills the odors caused by decomposing bodies. And when heated to a certain degree it eats through steel.   
                
