Bang and Burn



                    			Previously on Prison break MICHAEL: We're losing the light! Go back! You. Is it your cell? You are breaking out of this prison, Mr. Scofield. And you're taking me with you. So with this deal what specifically are they expecting from me? They need to know everything. They want to confirm that you have viable, incriminating information and that you can be a cooperative witness. Show me the pictures. I can't show you the pictures, man. She's dead, Michael. I thought we agreed it was best for you to not come here. I need to know how this delay is going to affect things. Four more days. If I'm out of here by then, I can still do it. I'll let the brothers know. Michael. You like this? Yeah. It's a special occasion. My dad's coming today, so I'm just gonna wait here till he shows up. You look sharp. Thanks. - LJ. Is he? - Alive. Giving us four more days. Okay, good. Listen, back at the exchange point, I saw three body bags. You, me and LJ, we weren't getting out of there alive. That's the last time I get caught flatfooted. You do what you gotta do Linc, As long as I take care of my end, right? Michael, I know you're angry with me about Sara, but You lied. I had to lie. Your son is my nephew, and there's nothing I wouldn't do for him. But apparently apparently you only think I only care about myself. I know you don't care about yourself, but you cared about Sara. You loved her. And I'm sorry. But LJ's my son. I- I couldn't let anything happen to him. You know that. You used me, Linc. So I guess you and the Company have something in common. I don't know where he is. I have tried every number I have. Well, listen, I will check back with Headquarters and see what they say. Never mind. I found him. "Carter Blue Label". You always had such High-end taste for a girl from Wheeling. Since I paid for it You know how much I hate to travel, Gretchen but considering the mess down here, I made an exception. It was a mess before I got here. And it's time to clean it up. We're ending this today. Bang and burn. General, that was analyzed. What you're asking for is too dangerous, not to mention next to impossible with the given time frame. I remember a substantial wire transfer to an offshore account that took the word "impossible" out of the equation- or tell me, did I hire the wrong person? I am doing my job when I tell you to seriously reconsider. And now, I have to do my job. I don't pay you to be my advisor. You're my operative. You have your instructions, now get it done. Because if you don't, I'll make what happened to you in Mosul feel like a massage. WHISTLER: This was a big mistake, Gretchen. You can't make a habit of coming to Sona. I won't. Because we're going with the bang and burn. That's suicide. We have more time. My boss wants things to move a bit faster. Well- tell him you can't pull it off. I might get killed if we do this. And I might get killed if we don't. Between you and me, who do you think I care about more? Look at me, James. See if you can tell how serious I am. If you don't play ball, I will leave you in Sona to rot. I promise. Be ready by 5:00. That's when it happens. Everybody goes. What about Scofield? Kill him Prison break Season 03 Episode 08 "Bang and Burn" MICHAEL (whispering): Hey. You know the consequences if I'm seen talking to you? The military's reinforcing the bars on all the windows. Can you talk to the colonel, get him to postpone that for a few days? No. After your performance yesterday, I have no further sway with the colonel. Well, then I'm afraid you've brokered your way into an escape plan that no longer exists. I have an idea. SAMMY: Lechero! Wait to hear from me. What? Some of the men don't feel the need to pay their debts anymore. It's been one week, man, and we lost three men. Now, if we gonna keep Sona, we're gonna need numbers. I don't trust nobody here right now, especially now. I work with the men I have. Really, brother? You, me and the gimp over there, we gonna run this place? I want to bring on Cristobal. He's solid, man. One of them Darrien ghetto boys. Bring him up. But I promise you nothing. Find me anything that can sustain heavy RPGs and small arms. A Cougar, a Striker. Not gonna happen. I do have a call in to a Sergeant York, but Yeah, that's not going to cut it. Call Suezamel, put him on standby, tell him we might need him. Is there a problem? We're doing this at 5:00? Well, we could wait until tonight when our guys are moving too fast for our night vision to work properly. You could even tag along if you want. Get it done. Hello. MAN: Yes, I'm trying to locate the family of Mr. James Whistler. I- I am his- I'm his wife. Who's calling? My name is Tommy Day. I own the apartment building Mr. Whistler rents from. There's been a busted pipe in his unit that's caused some damage to the apartment next door. I'm sorry. I think you have confused James with someone else. He's not renting another apartment. Oh, I assure you Mr. Whistler is my tenant. I couldn't find anyone to contact after his conviction, but when the mail came, I checked his phone bill. There were numerous calls to this number. If you could please come to the apartment- the address is 40 Abel Bravo in Obarrio, Unit 4. (phone ringing) Tell your men the Intel says the Panamanians have no access to SAM. Yeah. MAN: There's been a development. Hey. The Company's giving us four more days. - Okay. - Problem is I, uh, I don't know how we're getting out of here. Lechero might have some ideas, but I'm still waiting to hear from him. I'm sorry, is this a bad time for you? It's been an intense 24 hours. I have things on my mind. Yeah, like your last trip to visitation maybe. What, you're a spy now? Forgive me if I'm wrong, but she didn't really strike me as the girlfriend type. She was Company. After your failed escape, she came to remind me that I have a stake in this, too, which you seem to have forgotten. So forgive me if I don't jump for joy when you say you're working on a plan that may very well fail again. I've got to get out of here, and it's getting to the point where I don't care how Got what we talked about? You never met me. Oh, my God. What the hell is going on? Shales What about Oscar Shales? He raped, killed, tortured. I couldn't turn, turn him over to some scumbag lawyer who was just gonna get him off or or no, no, I just so I killed him. And I felt good. I felt- I felt really good. But then, you know, came the visions of Shales begging for his life- and I couldn't get rid of them, so I, I got these drugs that kept me on an even keel. And then when I got to Sona, I couldn't get my pills, so I had to improvise. Did you want me to get drugs for you? I assume that whoever set this up must think that I might have some value. It's why you came back for me. me I came here to help a man that I respect and care about. And I appreciate that. But I can't testify like this. Please Please. One inch of reinforced steel on every window. Nothing would get through those. I'll figure something out. I know you will. Listen, man, I'm sorry about before. Like I said, things have been intense. So much depends on this working out. My nephew's life depends on this working. I know it does. I never asked- how old is he? Sixteen. Oh, hell. T- BAG: Knocka knocka. What do you want? Me? I just came by to slip something into your mail slot. It's from El Patron himself, but it was made for your eyes only. Grabby. That don't look like no invitation to the Sona-Hawkins Dance. What do you got cooking up with Lechero, huh? It's none of your business, Theodore. You want to keep secrets? You want to treat me like a pesky insect? Fine. Just remember, information, like crumbs, always trickles down to the vermin on the floor. It's a sketch of Lechero's quarters. To be honest, when a tenant pays a year's rent in advance and then gets locked up, I normally rent the place out and double my money, but, uh, James was a good man. I was hoping things would turn out well for him. Look, uh, Miss a lot of guys have a little something on the side. This apartment, I mean, whoever he brought here, doesn't mean he didn't love ya. You said you have James' insurance paper? Right on. Right on I'll, uh, I'll go get them. Oh, God. There's another door in here. "4413." What about Scofield? Kill him. You know, if Lechero didn't send this, T- Bag might be setting me up for someone. I say we get out of here. I'm truly sorry that you got caught up with my troubles, Michael. Scofield I take it there's another code. I'm the only one that knows it. For a man who likes keeping a secret, choosing T-Bag as a go-between might not be the smartest move. Yeah, by the time he figures it out, we'll be long gone. Sammy's on his way back. Let's go. What the hell is this? Underground tunnel. The old administration used it to travel between cellblocks A and B. After the riots, they moved us all to B. And then the soldiers came in, blew this tunnel up. MICHAEL: Looks like someone already tried to get through the debris. I never planned to spend my whole life in Sona. Just didn't expect it to end so soon. You're the engineer, though, right? You can dig our way out of this? Yeah, me and a couple of payloaders. LECHERO: Now, you listen. You're gonna dig out of this place. We're not digging out, but we might be diggin up. Hello, Sofia. Hello. Who are you? Friend of James. Old friend. Well, he isn't here. I know where he is. I can see why James loves you. You are beautiful. If you keep sticking your nose where it doesn't belong, I'm gonna make him miss you very, very much. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? Good You don't need to worry about this. Now listen very carefully to me, Sofia, and you won't get hurt. I want you to go home and do your hair and paint your nails and get all ready for when James comes home. You two will live happily ever after. What do you want from him? See? You're not listening already. Don't get in the way, or I promise you things will get very bad for you. You are truly beautiful. I hope you can stay that way. Get the hell out of here. MICHAEL: All right, if we can get through the ceiling, the foundation and the earth on top of that, we can make it out into the middle of no-man's-land and maybe hit the fence before we get shot. Yeah. Well, we wouldn't want that. Yes, but you can dig out, though, right? Based on gravity and the kind of sand that Sona's built on, we're gonna need some kind of support brace for the tunnel. Or Or what? The whole thing collapses and we're buried alive. Go on and relax, huh? I'll get some rum. LECHERO: How long will this take? Maybe two days. I got to get upstairs, estimate exactly where in no-man's land that tunnel's gonna let out. Where you going? I'm meditating. Just getting rum for Cristobal and his boys. Rum?! His boys?! No, I said I'd meet with Cristobal, not every half-breed in Sona. Well, they up there right now. So, let's go. - Let me just get some rum, now. - No, man. Them drink beer like everyone else. Look, man, offer them something good. Don't make me look the fool. The rum is for me, Sammy. No You have a problem with that? No, Sir. Good Let's go. Let's get back to work. Hey, only Lechero has the code. We don't need a code. Now, get inside before Sammy comes back. Alex? Where's Agent Lang? Agent I don't know. But what the hell's wrong with you? What's going on? I have a right to be nervous. My life is on the line, you know? What are you talking about? You have given live press conferences your entire life. I've see you many times. You're an old pro. Now, splash some water on your face. The panel wants us there right now, immediately. - What? - Get dressed. Or would you rather have me drag your ass back to Sona? Water on the face. Get your suit on. We're going. Yeah, it's Sullins. Uh, we're almost ready to move here. Where the hell is Lang? No. Where are we at? Everything's in place. Good. We've done our part. Now it's time for Whistler to step up and do his. Come 5:00 o'clock, he better be ready. Tired feet of concrete and rebar, plus ten feet of dirt and sand, before we see sky. Are you all right? To be completely honest No, I have this thing for, uh, confined spaces. Are you telling me you're claustrophobic? Ever since I was a boy. Um, you know, I need to be upstairs. That's not really an option right now. Well, staying here is not really an option for me, either. I suggest you get yourself together. I just need some air. What the hell's the matter with you? I need to get out of here; I need air. Hey, you walk through that door with Sammy on the other side, you'll never need air again. You don't understand- I need to get out of here now. Why don't you tell me what's really going on here, Whistler? Why do you keep looking at your watch? What are you really up to? Scofield, the men are gone- let's move. I need your cell phone. No, Sammy's on his way- get out of here. I have to call my brother. No, cell phone stays with me. Now, get out of here! Well, just so that we're clear, Americano, she's got no electricity and no running water. Septic's out, too, but there's an outhouse in the woods. - It's perfect. A hundred bucks a month. - $200. A hundred bucks a month. Deal. But I don't want growing no drugs on the land. No marijuana. You got that? - Welcome home, my friend. - Thanks. LINCOLN: Listen, man, if you want to get out of here, I'd get it and Michael would, too. - You've done more than enough. - If I had a kid in the same situation as your son, would you and your brother walk out on me? Yeah. (laughs) Here, this is good. Put it down there. Okay, hold on. You ready? Yeah. I hope this works, papi. All right, let's go. McGrady. I need your help. Not now, bro- my father finally got here; I'm gonna go see him. Actually, uh, I need his help, too. What you want from my old man? I just need someone to deliver a message on the outside, someone I can trust. Hell, no. My papa's straight as razor blade. He don't get into kind of trouble like you do. - It's not trouble-it's just a phone call. - No. I love my father. And I love my brother- and if he doesn't get this message, something horrible's gonna happen to him. Something really bad is going on. Please. Hello, son. Papa. You look very handsome. Like your school picture. Gracias. I cleaned a guy's cell for this shirt. You should be in school now It's okay, Papa. with your friends. Papa, please, don't get upset. I- I have friends in here. The American? Yes. He's nice. He keeps his word- it's very rare in Sona. And, uh he needs my help. Thank God you're here. Thought you might have come a little earlier, just to make sure I was okay. I read the newspaper; I knew you were safe. I am for now- but you might not be. Now, listen to me carefully. Promise me you won't go anywhere near Lincoln Burrows today. - Lincoln? - It's just too dangerous to be around him, to be with him, to be near him. Just go home and stay there, and I will call you tonight. That's all I can say. Do you understand? Call me from where? Do you understand me? Yeah. Promise me. Say it out loud. I promise. Why are you so scared? Because I can't have you get hurt. Because I love you more than anything in the world. Do you? Yeah. James I got a call today from a man who said he's your landlord. Talking about another apartment. Should I call him back? Must have been a wrong number. He asked for you by name. The man is clearly confused. I don't know anything about another apartment. Sofia, all I know is that you've got to stay away from Lincoln. Please. (whispering): Okay, James. I'll wait for your call. McGRADY'S FATHER: Here. I have this. I don't want to see it. I'll put it with the others. I'm not coming home. Accept that. You should go. Make that call for my friend. Happy birthday, son. Maybe we should pick up some locks and secure the house. - It can't have anything new on it. (phone ringing) The place needs to look abandoned. Yeah? McGRADY'S FATHER: I have a message for you. Don't come home for dinner. Who is this? I'm supposed to tell you, don't come home for dinner. What? When me and Mikey were kids, we had a code when Social Services were trying to get me into juvie. He's telling me to watch my back. What the hell are you doing here? SOFIA: Why haven't you returned my calls or my car? SUSAN B. (over phone): You have him? MAN: Yeah, he just arrived back at his hotel. But Whistler's girl tracked him down. And she's talking to Lincoln and the Mexican. After what she saw today, she could be complicating things. You have a directive? SUSAN B: I warned her. Take them all out. What will Whistler say? I said take them all out! i don't care about your boyfriend's apartment on the side, I just don't care. SOFIA: No, I went there. And a woman showed up; she threatened me. She knows James. Susan. You know her? She's the one who has LJ. Well, she took something I found, a passport. It had James' picture and birthday but his name said Gary Miller. Lincoln, I don't know what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on- your boyfriend's a liar. I told you that from the start. James told me to stay away from you today, that it was dangerous. Let's go. Pronto. LINCOLN: I need to speak to Michael Scofield. I'm his brother. How you get this number? He called me a few days back. I- I didn't answer. But, listen, I need to speak to him now Let's go. You'll never guess who that was- Michael Scofield's brother. Who calls me and who I call, is my business. Where are your friends? I don't know. Where are your friends? I don't know, Please don't shoot. Please. Drop it. Why are you coming after us? Different day, same problem, huh, Lincoln? You know how it turned out when LJ was in this position, and today is no different so be a good boy and put down the gun. Come on, Linc. I know you've learned your lesson. You're right, I have. MAN: For the record, this is an international hearing, requested by the United States government, for the purpose of hearing testimony from one Mr. Alexander Mahone. You gotta be kidding me. So, Mr. Mahone, when were you first contacted by anyone from the group referred to as the Company? They told me that if I didn't kill every one of the Fox River Eight, that they would come after me. They had all worked with-with Scofield on-on-on the escape, so the Company wasn't sure what they knew. Mr. Mahone, I'm going to ask you to please keep your answer related to the question. It's-it's all connected. It's just it's-it's a web. And-and it's a web that I got caught in. And-and Lincoln Burrows got caught in, and Michael Scofield got caught in. SULLINS: I, if I may, I think what Mr. Mahone We're all just like flies was trying to say Thank you, Mr. Sullins, but we're here to hear from Mr. Mahone. Now, we're going to try this again. When were you first contacted by the Company? I cannot say. You know they could be in contact with you or-or-or you could be in contact with them, you'd never know. It's-it's they could be in contact with us right now. I know it sounds crazy, right? It's craz and and it would be, except for the simple fact that it's true. The government that I had dedicated my life to manipulate and extorted me. Blackmailed me. So that I would kill for them. And I did the things that they made me do so I could protect my family. And so I would like to go home. So can I do that, please? Hey. Where have you been? I came looking for scrap metal for the support brace for the tunnel. Really? Looks like a pretty tight squeeze up there. You sure there's enough fresh air, or does the claustrophobia come and go? What's it like going, through life always distrustful? You tell me, James. Hate to break up the brouhaha, gentlemen, but Lechero would like to see you. Says it has something to do with your big brother. Give us a moment, will you, Teodoro? If your brother should ever call my cell phone again, you tell him you're the one that's gonna pay. (Lincoln): Yeah? - You got the message. - Yeah, you were right. They just tried to take us out. I know. Whistler got a visit from the Company. He's been acting strange ever since. I'm telling you, Linc, something's up. Doing more than acting strange, man. He just told Sofia not to be near me 'cause it's dangerous. The Company's coming after us. They don't need us anymore. Here we go. They're breaking him out on their own. (over radio): We're 100 yards from the target. Keep your eyes open. Let's get in and out fast. Come on Damn! Come on! Come on! Keep it coming! Come on! Hey! Come on! MAN: Can't get a clean shot! I'll get lower, take 'em out! Is that Scofield on the roof with Whistler? Is that really a question? He's supposed to be dead. (over radio): Man down. Man down. Let go! I'm slipping. (over radio): We lost Whistler. Abort. Abort. Mission failure. Return to Base One immediately! Alex I'm so sorry. I'm going to have to take you back to Sona. You, get up. Vamos! Mr. Scofield, there have been two escape attempts in the past two days. Somehow I don't think it's a coincidence that you arrived shortly before they happened. I had nothing to do with that. You've caused too many problems here in Sona, so maybe you shouldn't be here in Sona. Llevenlo! Say good-bye to Sona, Mr. Scofield. Vamos.   
                
