Photo Finish



                    			Previously on Prison Break Did you ask for a recent photo of LJ and Sara? - Yeah. - Where is it? She showed them to me, but she wouldn't let me keep them. Alright. - I want to know who this guy is. - Said his name was Sullins. Thanks for coming in. Hello, Lang. There's all kinds of suits over here going through your office. I know you? - Afraid not. - Yeah. You're McFadden. - You confuse me with someone else. - You were with the ambassador. You don't know me, I don't know you, but it's your job to get me out of here. - You get out tomorrow. - 3:00 p.m. - You mean a.m. - No, p.m. We're doing this tomorrow in the middle of the day. Give me the ring. Wise decision. - Want the ring, brother? - That's more your style, man. It's all right, it's all right. You all go on back. Go ahead. No, go ahead. A word. Try and be more careful in the future. Yes, sir. What's your name? - Tyge. - Michael. The Australian. You said you knew him from Nice. - Is that true? - You calling me a liar now? He says you're full of it. He said he was never an ambassador. No, not an ambassador, the Ambassador. I was concierge at the Ambassador Hotel. I could've sworn he worked there for a few months. Who the hell knows? I was high half the time. Kind of why I got fired. - Kind of why I'm in here. - What was he up to in Nice? What? You writing a book? We're leaving at 3:13, that gives us 3 h 41 min. So we still don't have a way into no-man's-land. - I just need to check it out first. - And the fence? Your friend only sprayed the thing once, I'd just as soon not get electrocuted today. I'd feel better if Sucre had sprayed the fence again. Is that an option? No. Unless he had another reason to be there. What are you gonna do? Kill someone to get more spray on the fence? I'd think about killing you if it helped us get out of here. You know what'll help us get out of here? A ladder. Where are we gonna go once we get through that fence? Just get me a ladder. This hammock's shorter than the last one. - We might need something to extend it. - I'll take care of it. I've never been to Nice. - I hear it's beautiful. - I wouldn't know. I don't care if this guy knows you or not. But what I care about is his apparent fixation with watching you at all times. We'll be out of here soon enough. He won't be a problem. Scofield, you have a visitor. Hey, buddy, check it out. Do they roll bones in your country? Come to my cell, I'll teach you. You want me to come back to your cell and "roll bones"? - Real subtle. - Hardy har-har. Yeah, it's hilarious. Tell me, are you this friendly with all the shirtless guys in Sona? I gave you food yesterday. I gave you a place to sleep. I wonder why. What the hell is your problem? I don't want to have sex with you. Is that so hard to believe? To make it across no-man's-land, we're going to have to disable two of the tower guards. I've already taken care of one. With the other one, we're going to need your help. Every day between 1:00 and 2:00, he takes his lunch break. He gets a cup of coffee. You need to find out where and put something in that cup. Make sure he's unconscious during the escape. You're dropping this on me with three hours to go? - I don't know what to tell you. - 3:13? We'll be on the beach by 3:25. In broad daylight. The Company thinks we're doing this at 9:00 tonight? I can't lie to these people anymore. We need time to survey the transfer site, to figure out if we can get LJ and Sara out of there in case they try something. - You got the gun? - Yeah, I got the gun. - How's LJ? How's Sara? - They're fine. What about the pictures? I can't get pictures. - I need them. - I can't get them. How do we know they're still alive? They're the only reason I'm doing this. Susan says they're fine. Trust her. You're the one who's always telling me we can't trust anybody. - Now you're vouching for this person? - There isn't enough time. Listen, if I don't see pictures of LJ and Sara by 2:30 this afternoon, I'm not going anywhere. Can't seem to find American cheese down here. I hope you like Asadero. Yeah. It's perfect. A couple of years ago, I was serving in Mosul. And I was taken prisoner. A few nights later, I could here the sound of U.S. Army helicopters. Two clicks and closing. My hands were still tied behind my back, and I ran. It didn't occur to me that if this was a rescue mission, my captors could hear the choppers. It didn't occur to me that this was actually a hostage exchange, and that my jumping would be viewed as a hostile act. I got recaptured immediately. Six Rangers died in the firefight. And for the next three weeks Let's just say men are pigs. Let's be clear. This is an exchange. If you don't try to be a hero, you and your father will be okay. Good. Eat. Norman? Norman? As you can imagine, he prefers Lechero. Norman? He kill you before or after he does your taxes? Kill you when he pleases. I'm feeling thirsty. Why don't you go fix us something to drink, boy? Maybe you ain't got the memorandum, but I've been promoted, boy. What did you say to me? What's the problem? Stumpy here and his mouth. That's the problem. I'm calling him out right now! I'll talk to him. Leave. This isn't over. Leave! - We was just - No. The favor you owe me What have you found out? A thing like this takes time. I can't just walk up to them and say, "Hey, whoever's been "betraying Lechero, raise your hand." I asked you to be my ears in this prison and you hear nothing? All I know is every time I try and sit down and begin sussing things out, Sammy always changes the subject. I'm not saying he's the guy, but I don't want to hear your theories. I want results. - Is everything okay? Is James alright? - Yeah, he's fine. Where is this from? Uribe's, the roadside bodega a few kilometers away. If I needed you to ID a tower guard, could you do it? - I just don't want to get busted. - Could you do it or not? Yes. - Lincoln? - Yeah. - What is it? - I need something. - Teodoro's harmless, man. He's a clown. He's a dead clown. Hey, I wasn't gonna say anything, but last night, I was looking for my playing cards and guess what? I found these. You're holding out on me. Take 'em. They taste nasty. Man, you cannot get a better cigar than this. Where'd you get these? Augusto? I can't make him stop sending them in to me, but I don't work for him, you understand? You sure you don't mind? I was in the neighborhood. You came all this way to visit? I came to get you out of here. I can have you in Schaum Correctional Facility in 48 hours. In St. Louis. Sullins wanted a medium security, but I talked him down. What sort of deal is he getting me? The director gives us a lot of latitude in exchange for testimony against the government in the Lincoln Burrows conspiracy. So how does eight years sound? Soon as Sullins finishes up, we can have a van ready I don't think so. What? I appreciate the effort, your effort, but I can't do eight years. You're doing ten now. The government is calling in some favors. Once you're in the U.S., if you don't cooperate, they'll charge you with everything. That's multiple homicide counts. Without this deal, you are gonna be in prison for the rest of your life. I appreciate the effort, your effort. But I can't. While we're getting out of here, and if I don't make it, will you make sure this gets to my girlfriend? Alright. You know I could do the same for you. Tie an anchor bend there. I was just offering. If I'm the one who doesn't make it, and you really wanna do me a favor, just hold up your end of the bargain. - I'll do everything I can. - I hope that's true. How's that knot coming? There. Did I pass your test? I told you I'm a fisherman. Where are we? I found a cell that'll get us into no-man's-land. It's a longer run to the fence than my old one, but it'll have to do. Which one? Who lives there? Papo, Cheo and Sammy. I know, but it's the only other cell on the 2nd floor with a direct line to the fence where we won't be seen - by the other tower guards. - What guarantees they won't be there? By 2pm, everyone'll be out in the courtyard for the lunchtime soccer game. You sure it hasn't started already? Someone went outside the ring to settle a dispute. Now, anyone who affronts our justice system in this way must be punished. Now, I know the coward won't come forward. But if anyone has information about this shameful act, I demand to know. - Let's go, Menudo. - Why? Lechero wants you. Move your ass. Every day I see you in the yard, you play your American sports, wear your American clothes. I don't think I heard you speak a word of Spanish since you've been here. - I like to practice my English. - And why shouldn't you? America is a great nation. "One nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all." Is that right? Justice for all. Justice for you and justice for me. And justice for whoever killed that blanquito in the yard. I know why you didn't say anything out there. But you play your silly American games all day long, right in front of the stairs where the body was found. Now, if you don't tell me what you saw, there will be consequences. I saw one person go into the stairwell. And then maybe a minute later, I heard an argument. Who did you see? So after we tie the cord off we dig out the bar, we open the grate, and we're down? Does anyone wanna say anything about what we just saw out there? - What is there to say? - Well, 1 hour ago, you said we should kill someone and then someone gets killed. I didn't say that and it's exactly what we should be focusing on now. Let's spend a couple of hours worrying for another dead body in this hellhole. What do you want? - What are you doing? - Lechero wants to see you. - I don't have any information. - He doesn't want any. He wants a confession. - I didn't do anything! - Listen to him, he's innocent. You want to confess? You can easily switch places. Maybe now we should start worrying about who the real killer is, huh? Yeah, but in this place, there could be a hundred people on that list. Except I think a stab wound to the base of the neck looks pretty professional. I was in visitation, Kojak. And what makes you so sure that Whistler didn't do it? - He had the run-in with the guy. - He's got too much to lose. Whistler's gone, and if not now, he will be soon, so it's you and me. There's no you and me. We're not leaving without him. In 2 h, I'm going out that window and through that fence. - Yeah? - Yeah, that's right. - And where will you go? - Anywhere but here. There's only one road out, and the jungle is under constant patrol by police 24-7, so, again, where are you gonna go? I told you I know nothing about this. I shouldn't be here. I can promise you, I did not kill that man. Someone saw you go down the staircase. Stair is there any other proof? - My men will find something. - Do you see a weapon on me? I didn't expect to see a weapon on you. Why don't they look for that? You find that, you'll find the real killer. - Maybe they find where you planted it. - So, what, I'm framing someone? Did it ever occur to you that maybe I'm being framed? - Who would bother? - You know why I'm here. I have powerful enemies. You think my judgment is swayed by the mayor's friends? Sit your ass down. When I was 13, my mother worked for a wealthy man as a maid until one day she was alone in the house with him and he Everybody knew what he did, but because he was rich and we were immigrants, the police wouldn't even take a report. A week later, to gain access through his gates, I dressed as a milkman, a lechero, and I made sure that fair punishment was rendered. Now you want to tell me how I favor the rich. I understand the rules here, and I respect them. But why the rush to judgment? Is there a rule saying you must convict a suspect within ten minutes? We have all the time in the world. Thank you. Obviously, I'm not going anywhere. If you need to talk again, I'm gonna be in my cell. You'll be right here in this chair. - What the hell do you want? - I don't like you. I certainly don't respect you. - Stop. You're hurting my feelings. - I've seen what you're capable of, but I got to say I never pegged you as a murderer. You think I killed Tyge? I saw the two of you in the courtyard this morning. I was trying to be nice to him. He started with me. - If you didn't kill him, who did? - Not me. Come on, Brad. Who wanted him dead besides you? You really think I killed that frog? How many times have I had you at gunpoint? You think I didn't want to pull that trigger? Hell I can't even kill myself. You seen anyone see Whistler go down the stairway? - We only been out here a minute. - Well, hurry up, then. The sooner Whistler dies, the sooner I can give you the chicken foot, or if you prefer, you can give me the chicken foot-- Try and go out like a man. Either way, you're getting in the ring with me today. Zylafol. It's used to anesthetize dogs. Two drops, and the guard should be out within an hour. I was expecting Whistler's girlfriend to join you. Where's she? Around the corner in the car? - She came to me. - I don't mind that she's helping you. - I mind that you kept it from me. - What difference does it make? - We're done by tomorrow, right? - No more surprises, Lincoln. What? Say it. Can you get any more pictures of Sara? Alive? You didn't tell him. You didn't tell Michael that Sara's dead. Can we get pictures or not? I'm sure we can cobble something together, but smart move not telling your brother. He seems a little sensitive to me. This is the exchange point. LJ and I will be waiting. You, Michael and Whistler will meet us there. Everything goes as planned, you'll have your son back by 9:00. Which one is it? I think it's the taller one. The other always drinks orange juice. You sure? I think so, I'm not completely sure, they all look the same. Watch where you're going! Here this is a buddy's, please. Please, I insist. No really. Man, I - Thank you anyway. - Excuse me, Señor. I need to go to Sona. My car's run out of gas and-- I'm-I'm heading in the wrong, wrong direction. I really need to go to Sona. - XXXXXXXXX - Thank you. Watch the lid. My condolences. You finally make a friend, and now he's about to die. Damn shame. You can stop it, you know. If you hadn't noticed, my position enables me to hear things. I'm listening. The only proof Lechero's got is that your man went down that staircase. What if you had more compelling evidence? I don't. - But if you did - You're suggestingI make something up? If it makes you feel better, blame it on somebody who deserves it, who's killed before and gone unpunished. Yeah, like you maybe. Sammy. You want me to tell Lechero that his right hand man should die? You don't tell Lechero squat. Lechero knows this is Sammy's ring. If you drop it in the blood by the staircase, then yell up to Lechero what you've found the whole entire prison will hear clear-cut evidence of Sammy's guilt. Lechero will have no choice but to comply. This is Sona. Don't worry your pretty little head about it. All you have to do is drop the ring in the blood and say it was Sammy. I'll take care of the rest. You want to save your friend's life? Someone else has to die. Explain your disagreement with this Tyge man. From what I just heard, he knew something about you. He thought he knew something about me. Opportunity and a motive. Bad combination. You must know there's discontent from many prisoners over how you run Sona. Now would not be a good time to insult me. No. My point is this: you execute me, you get your swift justice and you may placate the masses. But when they find out who really did it they will know you killed an innocent man. You're still not answering my question. What was your disagreement with Tyge? He was a nosy guy. He got into my business. He did the same with someone else and it got him killed. Just admit you had an argument. This is prison. If someone makes false accusations, I can't back down. You must respect that. I've answered every one of your questions. I've acquitted myself the best that I can. Now what can I do to make you trust me? I don't trust anybody today. We have the picture. - How does it look? - It looks like Sara. I'll be at Sona in half an hour. Meet me in the parking lot. Is everything okay? Hold on. XXXXXXXXXXX (del VO) XXXXXXXXXX (del VO) Norman? Norman St. John? XXXXXXXXXXXXX (del VO) I'm waiting. There was a complication with the guard. Complications drugging the guard? Yeah, but it's been taken care of. That's encouraging, but why do you drug the guard now if you escape tonight? It takes that long for the drugs to work. They take an hour, like I told you. Alex You are getting sloppy, Alex. What are you talking about? It's a joke? I stopped hiding things under my mattress. Did you find that under my mattress? Cause if you did somebody put it there. You're gonna have to do better than that. Did you find some fingerprints on it? Fibers? Are you gonna take it to the Sona crime lab? They nailed Whistler for walking into the wrong stairwell. I think this is enough to get you guys to switch places. - You know what I mean? - What does it mean or prove? It proves everything! I'm gonna make sure Lechero thinks so, too. Michael, I did not kill that man. I did not kill the man. What's, what's going on? Is everything okay? What the hell you doing? - What's that for? - Your father tried to be a hero. Hey, please, please. Please, no, stop! Once I cut the spinal cord and the sever nerve endings, you won't feel a thing. Susan, I'm sorry. We didn't mean to do that. Dad, they're gonna kill me. What? LJ? - Yeah, they got a knife to my throat. - LJ! - Susan, don't you hurt-- - The truth. Truth. Michael's getting out at 3:13. We're meeting at the exchange point at 3:45. Susan, please, we did this because we wanted to be sure the site was safe. That's it, that's the only reason why we did it. Sounds to me like you're planning another end round. - Another rescue. - No! We're not, we're not planning, we're not planning another end round. No. Please, just let my son go. Leave my son. Living the good life, huh? Is that what this is? Having too good a time here to contemplate leaving? I needed some time to think. Well, I needed some time to finalize our agreement with the Panamanians, but instead I get dragged down here. Yeah, I'm sure it was really hard to convince you to come down here. I'm gonna be honest. I was looking forward to seeing you down here like this, but now that I'm here, I, uh, wouldn't wish this on anyone. Can we just save all this till after he's processed. I don't know if we can or not. Made up your mind yet? I got 'em down to four. - And I leave for the US tonight? - Once the special prosecutor clears you, you'll be on your way. What about a special prosecutor? You stand in front of a guy, you tell your story and he determines if you're gonna be a useful and credible witness. It's a formality. "It's a formality"? - This is just a formality? - You know, if it were up to me, you could rot in here for the rest of your life. But the Justice Department is extremely motivated to get to the bottom of this President Reynolds business. Alex, this is a hundred percent above board. You've made a lot of mistakes in your career. You know it and I know it, intentional or otherwise. I've got eight files in my office attesting to that. And if you don't take this offer, then I assure you it would be the biggest mistake of your life. - I know who killed that man. - I'm sure you do. What do we have here? I found this in Alexander Mahone's cell. Convenient! To blame this on a man who can't even be questioned. Enough of this already. Cheo! Get the prisoner up. It's time. You know Whistler didn't do this. He said he found it in Mahone's cell. - It proves I'm innocent. - You're a joke! You talk about equality, justice, but at the end of the day you're a dictator, and like any dictator you're terrified of losing your power. It'd be very unwise to go any further. You don't care who the real killer is as long as you get to string somebody up. It's all that matters to you. I've determined who's guilty, and the punishment is death. You make a mistake. This is murder! You know it and I know it! At least have the guts to admit it! You're right! It's murder. Don't! I found this in the yard. Augusto used to give them to me as tribute. And now you reek of them. Go. He will be okay. I question your love for your son. He was two seconds away from being decapitated because of you. - I told you the truth. - Maybe. But if you have anything else planned, now it's scrapped. Because, what happens if you try something? - I know. - Oh, good. This is the same newspaper as in the last picture. That's what my guy could get. You didn't give me a lot of time. You think Michael's not going to notice this? - "Hey, Michael, here's the pictures." - He's gonna want to see this close up. I'm done doing favors for you. Get out. I'll see you in an hour. - No football today? - No, no football today. You're my brother, Sammy? Of course. It's done? - The guard will be asleep in 30 mins. - So we're good. Not quite. They know we're breaking out this afternoon. - You told her? - Man, she worked it out - Why didn't you lie? - She worked it out. So what are we gonna do to get the upper hand here? You think they're just going to turn over - LJ and Sara? - This is too dangerous. - If we try anything, they're just - What, hurt them? No, not if they want us to deliver on Whistler, they won't. We're playing this one straight. No games. No surprises. All right? Show me the pictures. Show me the pictures. The pictures. I can't show you the pictures, man. Why not, Linc? She's dead, Michael. I lied to you. I'm sorry. If you don't break out today, they're going to kill my son. They're going to kill LJ. Michael, we've got to do this. Michael, we've got to do this! Sara's dead. They killed her. Oh, man, I'm so sorry. I loved her and now she's gone. And it's all because of you. What? Hey, take it easy. What? This is your fault. He's told me his grievance. This fight is going to happen. Just think about what you're doing. I have!   
                
