Dexter s07e07 Episode Script
Chemistry

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s07e07

Previously on Dexter: This blood is from a defensive wound.
So you got arrested, there'll be a trial, you'll go to prison for a long time.
- Does that mean this is over? - No.
These men are dangerous.
You should not get involved with the Koshka Brotherhood.
Don't be scared.
I'm not gonna let anything happen to you.
Where's Nadia? Sirko wants you to lose the evidence linking him to the Colombian murders.
- If I do this, Nadia is a free woman.
- Deal.
What was Price doing here? He heard we dug up more Wayne Randall victims asked if he could see the files.
- I fudged the blood report.
- The void pattern on this body indicates a killer much smaller than Wayne Randall.
- Smaller, like Hannah McKay? - And I think she kept right on killing.
If that's true, we're totally fucked.
We gave her immunity.
So how'd he die? Your husband? Heart attack.
She killed her husband, I can feel it.
"Aconite.
" ingesting it causes heart attack.
Do what you gotta do.
Dexter Chemistry.
I've heard some people have it.
An attraction that can't be quantified or explained.
Is that the reason behind this? Loss of control? Maybe the desire to get Hannah on my table was just a way to deny the effect she has on me.
So now what? - How do you like it? - Not much.
You do this to all the girls that you go outwith? - Wrap them up in plastic? - I don't actually go out.
So, what, this whole date thing was just to get me alone so you can kill me? Why? It's what I do.
You kill people.
Bad people.
So you think I'm bad.
You You fit the general description.
You have no idea.
I didn't plan to spend the whole evening talking about Hannah McKay.
Well, what do you wanna talk about? The economy? I don't know.
What kind of music you like? A jailhouse door slamming shut.
That's my idea of music.
I don't know what's driving me crazier, Hannah McKay getting away with a shitload of murder, or you chewing on that straw.
Old habits die hard.
You know, it's gonna be a real downer for your book if Hannah gets away.
People who buy true crime stuff tend to like it when the bad guy gets caught.
Maybe I can help you rewrite the ending.
- So now you're an editor.
- I'm thinking about Hannah's husband.
Forty year olds don't just drop dead of a heart attack.
I could have the body exhumed, test it for aconite.
It's been 10 years.
If it's there, the tox screen will find it.
The hard part is getting permission.
Hannah's the next of kin, and I doubt she's gonna sign off on it.
She's not the only next of kin.
Hannah's husband had a sister.
Well, aren't you a goddamn know-it-all? - It's not my only virtue.
- That remains to be seen.
Thank you for dinner.
- We should do it again.
- Yeah, why not? I'll check my notes on the sister and get back to you.
Chemistry deals with the reactions between elementary forms of matter.
Separate the elements, and you negate the reaction.
- This can't happen again.
- Which part? - The horse tranquilizer? - The sex part.
Yeah, I was thinking the same thing.
- Why? - We both know it wouldn't end well.
- Just tell me something.
- What? You're not gonna try and kill me, right.
I have the right to know.
If I was, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
Let's just think of it as a misunderstanding.
One way to put it.
You know, you don't really seem that shaken up.
You know, for someone who thought she was gonna die.
Yeah, you're right, I suppose I should be a little more freaked out.
Maybe I never really believed that you were gonna do it.
Boy, did he pick the wrong car.
Oh, don't, don't.
- It was an interesting night.
- That's one way to put it.
You know, you never really asked me why I kill people.
I don't need to.
Price.
The man thrives on stories, and I've just given him a great twist.
If he writes about Hannah and me my career is a memory.
Clouds parted, and much was revealed.
And that would be? Now I know why the blood work on the Wayne Randall spree was so spotty.
You were protecting someone.
As far as Price knows, I'm an innocent lab geek in over his head.
- How long have you been seeing her? - What do you want to keep quiet? It's not in my nature to keep quiet about anything.
- You can't write about this.
- It's nothing personal.
- I'm just doing my job.
- You'll destroy my job.
Sorry.
No way around that.
You could always go on the record, help me get my facts straight.
I love writing about crimes from the inside.
What if I give you something better? What better than "Lab tech seduced by femme fatale?" I was the last one to speak with Wayne Randall.
I could tell you what his last words were.
How he really felt about Hannah.
How do I know you wouldn't be making something up to save your ass? I wouldn't be, but you'd have to judge for yourself.
Either way, I'd be on the record.
I'll give it some thought.
In the meantime, I'll keep quiet about you and Hannah McKay.
Show of good faith.
Between you and me, I'd watch what I eat around her.
I'll be in touch.
As if I needed another reason to stay away from Hannah.
At least I've bought myself some time.
- This a good time? - Yes.
My theory on the barrel girl killers went nowhere.
I'm on a dead end on Bay Harbor Butcher.
- Shit.
- I was thinking we could brainstorm.
I keep wondering if we haven't missed something.
You know, some angle, or-- You know, maybe we haven't missed anything.
- What do you mean? - Maybe we've been sidetracked by our feelings about Sergeant Doakes.
I think we've been objective.
Well, I guess I'm just not sure, you know? I know what it's like to hold on to an idea of someone, you know? To refuse to believe that they have a dark side but everything we've done, all the evidence it still points to Sergeant Doakes.
At some point, we have to face facts.
It's possible that we've been reaching for leads.
So should we rethink what we're doing here? I mean, I just I don't know if it's worth it.
Maybe you're right.
I'm fucking going to hell.
Sal Price made his living writing about the dark things people do but he doesn't seem to have a dark side of his own.
At least nothing I can use.
- You have a minute? - Sure.
What's this? It's your report on the Randall victims.
What about it? There's something weird.
This blood spatter points to a killer other than Wayne Randall.
Someone smaller.
How'd you come to that? Sal Price had an outside lab run an analysis.
They found the discrepancies.
- Did you miss this? - Price strikes again.
Where will he show up next? Deb, I didn't miss anything.
I considered the same scenario.
And? Blood spatter is largely a matter of interpretation but I'm convinced Wayne was the sole killer.
These blood drops came from the killer.
You could've tested them to see if they matched Wayne Randall's DNA just to be sure.
But I was sure.
I didn't think the test was worth the time or the money.
Especially since the case had been solved.
Just say what you wanna say.
Hannah McKay killed this woman and you're covering.
- Why would I wanna do that? - To save her for your table.
You're wrong, Deb.
If you want, I'll have the blood tested.
Just say the word, we can spend the money.
I'll think about it.
You smell that? - What? - Sulphur, mixed with shit.
Means Isaak Sirko's attorney is on his way.
They wanna run their own analysis on the samples we took from Mateo's.
Confirm that it's his client's blood we found.
- Masuka's grabbing it now.
- I'll have it ready for them.
That evidence should keep Isaak locked up for a long time.
One less killer to worry about.
I just checked the freezer.
The evidence on Sirko is gone.
Or not.
How in the hell does the most crucial piece of evidence against Isaak Sirko just disappear from our own police station? I don't know.
I logged the blood samples into evidence myself.
There's only one explanation.
The Koshka Brotherhood has a mole inside.
A mole? You read too many spy novels.
Maybe the evidence just got misplaced.
Hey, we do not misplace evidence.
And who reads anymore? - Simmer down, tiger mom.
- Masuka's right.
This is why Sirko's attorney asked for discovery.
Evidence would be missing, we'd be left holding our dicks.
We can find who's responsible later.
We have 24 hours to find those blood samples or to come up with new evidence.
And if we don't, Sirko walks.
I'm gonna go check the evidence room log.
See who's been there in the last couple of days.
The crime scene hasn't been released yet.
Maybe we could re-collect a sample of Sirko's blood.
Fucking haul your ass over there.
Masuka, Quinn, go with him.
We let a fish this big slip through our net I'm gonna be very unhappy.
You and me both.
- What's going on with the restaurant? - I've been approved to take over but I still need a few thousand to keep the place running.
- What are you gonna do? - Turn over cushions stand in the corner with a tin cup, I don't know.
Holy shit.
I don't know about the holy, but there's no denying the shit part.
Fucking Koshkas.
They fucked up the sewage line to contaminate the crime scene.
Which means Sirko will be free soon.
And I'll have to kill him before he comes after me.
Need any more proof that there's a mole? I hate to ask, but would you guys take a look around see if there's any blood anywhere that's not mixed with crap'? - I wouldn't get my hopes up.
- They do not pay us enough for this.
Quinn, can I talk to you outside? Why don't you guys wait outside while we're in here vomiting? The list of visitors of the evidence lock-up in the last 72 hours.
- Your name's on it.
- So? - So, what were you doing in there? - I don't know, my job, maybe? I'm a detective, I go to Evidence.
- What was the case? - The Dixon murders.
I gotta testify next week.
Wanted to make sure I had my ducks in a row.
- What you insinuating? - You're dating a stripper that works at a club owned by the Koshka Brotherhood.
So you think I stole evidence for the Koshkas? - Doesn't look good.
- Fuck you.
Hold on.
You're no choirboy, but I know you wouldn't sink that low.
- Then why are we talking about this? - Because I'm doing my job and I needed to hear it from you.
No, it looks like it was deliberate, Deb.
We're not gonna find any new evidence, at least not here.
We're halfway through another sweep and so far we've got fucking zip.
- I don't think you're gonna find anything.
- Neither do I.
Dexter, if this case falls apart and Isaak walks - he could be on the street tonight.
- I know.
- Just have to take care of him myself.
- Stay the fuck away from him.
I don't think ignoring Isaak is the right approach.
I'm not gonna ignore him.
I'm gonna put a tail on him 24/7 until his travel visa expires.
He's not gonna pick crust out of his eye without us knowing.
So don't fucking do anything.
I won't.
Except use the time to get Sal Price off my back.
The address for the sister of Hannah's late husband.
Her name's Lori.
- Have you ever heard of e-mail? - I like interacting face-to-face.
Especially when their face looks like yours.
You can cancel that shit right now.
- You got a problem with compliments? - Yes, when they're slightly cheesy and they come out of the blue, yeah.
I'll try to contact Lori and get permission for the exhumation.
- Can I tag along, for the interview? - No.
It's gonna be awkward enough without some goofy writer hovering over us.
Maybe we can meet later and you fill me in.
I did get you the info.
Come on.
It'll be totally off the record.
Fair enough.
But I'm buying.
- You all right? - I'm okay.
I thought I wasn't going to see you again.
- They hurt you? - No.
They sent me to their club in Fort Myers.
I was so scared.
I thought for sure they were gonna send me back to Kiev.
I'd burn down every one of their fucking clubs before I let that happen.
Oh, my God, Joey.
Did you promise them something to keep me here? - Don't worry about it.
- I warned you about the Koshkas.
I can take care of myself.
And I can take care of the both of us.
Look at me.
Very soon, you're never gonna have to work for any of those people again.
I don't understand.
- What have you done? - You're gonna be free.
Trust me.
I'm touched you wanted to be part of my welcome back committee.
More like a parade.
Heat like that's gotta make a flight home to Kiev feel pretty good.
Not yet, George.
Miami is still overcrowded, by one.
So you said this was about my brother Jake? Yes.
This may be a little upsetting but we need your permission to exhume his body.
Exhume his body? Why? Evidence has come to light that your brother's death may not have been an accident.
But Jake died of a heart attack.
We believe he may have been poisoned and that his wife was responsible.
Oh, my God.
Hannah? That's what we're thinking.
Did she and your brother get along? Yeah, they seemed to have a great relationship.
Looked like they were totally in love.
Especially after they found out she was expecting.
- She was pregnant? - Yeah, she told me in confidence.
I was surprised.
I didn't think Hannah wanted kids.
- What happened to the baby? - She lost it.
Right after Jake's death.
It was a miscarriage.
You know, after the funeral, Hannah cut everyone off.
It was like my whole side of the family never existed.
No matter how many times I reached out she just wouldn't reciprocate.
Ms.
Kirkwood, I think we can find out for sure what happened to your brother.
We just need your help.
- That looks heavy.
Need a hand? - I need you out of my life.
That can be arranged.
All you have to do is talk to me.
Everything I have to say to you can be summed up in two words-- - Let me guess, "fuck off.
" - Glad we got that straight.
I want to write the authorised biography of Hannah McKay.
It'll go through the roof.
God knows I haven't had a decent seller in years.
- I need this, Hannah.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
I missed the last part over the sound of my heart breaking.
You don't talk to me, you'll force me to speculate.
- Maybe even get creative.
- It takes brains to be creative.
"Hannah McKay never lost her taste for killing.
She just updated her technique from knives to poison.
" Just an excerpt from the preface.
Along with some material on one Dexter Morgan-- Who's a fan of my work, by the way.
-- And how he manipulated evidence to help the woman he loved.
- I'll deny everything.
- Which will be great publicity.
Okay.
Fine, we'll talk.
Just keep Dexter out of this.
Depends on what you give me.
My house, tomorrow, 4 p.
m.
- Hello? - It's your favourite author.
Decided to take you up on your Wayne Randall offer.
- You won't be sorry.
- I'll come to your place.
How's tomorrow night sound? Seven p.
m.
? Seven it is.
Price covered a lot of murders during his career.
The bloodier, the better.
He likes getting at his cases from the inside.
You can't get more inside than becoming a suspect.
Christy Lawson.
Her killer was never found.
Price wrote a book about her case.
One of his best sellers.
All I need is Price's DNA to link him to the crime.
You should throw that away, Dex.
Hannah needs to know what's going on.
You're looking for an excuse to see her.
You could just pick up the phone.
Christ, Joey.
You're here so often, we gotta get you your own spot.
I did what you wanted.
The evidence against Sirko is gone.
I want Nadia's passport.
She's done with you, and your whole shitty organisation.
Is she? - Yeah, and so am I.
- We've been working well together.
- Why kill a good thing? - Who do you think you're fucking with? Think I'm some fucking asshole, one of your bag men? - Take it easy.
- I could fuck you up.
It goes two ways, detective.
You destroyed police evidence.
That'll get you thrown off the force.
Hell, you'd probably do time.
- Stay the fuck away from me.
- That's not gonna happen, Joey.
So you think real hard about your next move and what it means for your future.
And Nadia's.
You managed to stay away from me for one whole day.
What happened to our plan? Sal Price happened.
- Price? - He saw us together when I dropped you off.
He threatened to put me in his book.
I can't let that happen.
There's more.
He showed up at the Flower Mart.
He wants me to go on record about my time with Wayne or he'll say that I'm a murderer.
I'm gonna handle Price.
Like the way you handled me? Not exactly.
I only go after killers.
- Like me.
- It's the code I live by.
Code, huh? Sometimes life just has to be taken.
There's no need to dress it up.
It's more than that.
I think you're just afraid to admit that you enjoy killing.
And you don't? No.
Killing for me is just surrendering to nature's way.
Nature adds and subtracts.
Survival of the fittest.
So you're the fittest.
So far.
You ever wonder what it would be like if you didn't have all these rules? Price doesn't have to die.
I can get him to back off for good.
I'm used to dealing with things on my own.
I don't need somebody.
I know you don't.
But I have this covered.
Consider it a good-bye present.
Okay.
I suppose we're going for a record.
A record? How many times we can say goodbye for good.
Good bye.
She isn't drawn to my darkness like Lila, or blind to it like Rita and she doesn't need it like Lumen.
She accepts both sides of me.
The whole Dexter.
So why am I walking away from this? Because when some chemicals mix they combust and explode.
- You don't have to be here.
- He's my brother.
I understand.
- You okay? - Yeah.
What the fuck? There's no tissue.
- That normal? - It is if the body wasn't embalmed.
Isn't that standard procedure? Unless the next of kin specifies otherwise.
- Can we do the tests? - Not on bones, lieutenant.
There's nothing I can do here.
What is it? Your brother's remains He wasn't embalmed.
- I don't understand.
- We can't run the tests.
So you're saying this was all for nothing? I'm gonna find out what happened, Lori.
I'm not gonna give up.
I can see this was a good idea.
- You look like you need a drink.
- Yeah, or five.
Excuse me.
Bottled brew for the lady.
Actually, can I get a double scotch, neat, please? When do you get the results for the exhumation? We won't.
The body was more like a pile of bones.
Nothing to test.
- Shit.
He wasn't embalmed.
- Yeah.
And surprise, it was at the discretion of - Hannah.
- Hannah.
Thank you.
That poor woman had to watch her dead brother be dug up.
And for what? I put her through fucking hell.
You couldn't anticipate this.
It's not your fault.
Well, it doesn't make it any better.
Sometimes my job really fucking sucks.
Actually, it always sucks.
Why do you do it? I don't know how to do fuck-all else.
- I'm sure that's not true.
- Oh, God if you are building up to a compliment, now is not the time.
Look.
I'm gonna interview Hannah later.
- Maybe I can pull something out.
- Gross.
Well, you can tell me how it went over dinner.
I might even let you pay.
Lemonade? I'll pass.
Should we get started? I just wanna make sure that we're clear.
You're going to forget about Dexter Morgan.
- He got under your skin, didn't he? - Tell me that you understand.
Never heard of him.
We'll start with the couple from the motel.
I just need enough of Price's DNA to plant at a crime scene.
Traces of blood.
Good for me, bad for his gums.
The more you linger, the greater the chance of being caught.
Crime scene data, audio interviews.
It's Price's research on Hannah.
If I get rid of it, it'll cripple his book.
- Maybe kill it.
- You didn't come here to protect Hannah.
You need to think about yourself right now.
Wayne gave me the knife and told me to guard the woman.
I figured it'd be easy, seeing as how scared she was.
What was Wayne doing? He started to stab the husband.
Over and over and over.
The woman was screaming like crazy.
The man she loved was getting knifed in front of her eyes.
But he He didn't give up.
He grabbed Wayne and he pulled him toward him.
And then the woman jumped on Wayne.
- The woman you were guarding.
- Yeah, she was protecting her husband.
I don't blame her, I would've done the same thing.
Keep going.
Wayne was yelling for me to get her off him so I grabbed her by the hair and I pulled her to the bed and she just kept screaming and screaming.
So I stabbed her.
And she just kept screaming.
And there was so much blood.
What did you do? I stabbed her until the screaming stopped.
Take a second.
Looks tasty.
Certainly better than the swill I've choked on of late.
Don't worry, I haven't come down here to cause you harm.
Not yet.
Not with Miami Metro's finest shadowing my every move.
Yes, I certainly hope they are the finest.
For your sake.
What do you want'? So long as I'm waiting around to kill you I thought we might have a little chat.
Good chips.
While I was incarcerated I found myself plagued with a nagging question.
I mean, I will move heaven and earth to snuff out your life because you killed Viktor.
In fact, I was so blinded by my desire for vengeance that you were able to lead me into a trap.
A mistake I assure you won't happen again.
We have a cartoon in America about a Coyote who chases after a Road Runner.
He keeps thinking that.
He keeps rocket-skating right off the cliff.
You see, I know what motivates me.
But what I don't know is what drove you to kill my friend.
He killed Mike Anderson.
A man you barely knew for what, less than three months? It's all public record.
No.
You didn't kill Viktor out of vengeance.
I have a feeling that you're a different kind of animal.
The question is What kind are you, Dexter Morgan? The kind who hunted your friend down and strapped him to a board and put a plastic bag on his head and crushed his skull with a fire extinguisher.
The kind who's gonna do the same to you, give or take the fire extinguisher.
You're gonna regret sharing that with me.
For the chip.
- This is the last load.
- Thanks, Jamie.
You know, you're an interesting guy.
Have a seat.
I should do my next book on you.
Believe me, I know a good story when I hear one.
You know, as a blood spatter analyst, I'm kind of a storyteller myself.
Only difference is your medium's ink, and mine's blood.
Interesting observation.
Before we talk about Wayne, I have a story idea of my own.
Mostly non-fiction.
I wanted to get your take.
I'm all ears.
So new DNA evidence pops up in the unsolved murder of Christy Lawson.
You know, the jogger who was killed near Matheson Park.
It turns out that the DNA belongs to a true crime writer.
You said it was mostly non-fiction.
Sounds like it's all bullshit.
Well, the anonymous tip is real enough.
The one that mentions Sal Price.
It seems he wrote a very successful book about the same case.
Now it turns out he was her killer.
You have to appreciate the irony.
How do you plan to make this happen, exactly? Let's just say you're gonna need a new electric toothbrush.
- You broke into my apartment? - No, I very carefully picked your lock.
It's time to visit the dentist.
- You son of a bitch.
- Hey, it's nothing personal.
- I can't have you messing with my life.
- Fuck you! You're not gonna get away with this.
I'm gonna ruin your-- Hannah.
- Oh, my God, what happened? - Call 911.
911, what is your emergency? I need an ambulance at 8240 Palm Terrace.
Apartment 10B.
Please hurry.
So I came in to see if Dexter was okay, and I saw that guy on the floor.
Dexter told me to call 911, and he started CPR.
- Hear anything before the crash? - There was some shouting.
Kind of like an argument.
- Dexter's voice? - I didn't recognise the voice.
I administered CPR until the paramedics showed up but he was unresponsive.
Okay, Dex.
I think it's all here.
Hey, were you and Price arguing before he collapsed? The interview might have gotten a little heated.
How heated? He accused me of sloppy work on the Wayne Randall case.
I might have raised my voice a little, that's all.
A contusion to the head.
The source of all the blood.
That's not enough to kill a man.
Okay, wait for the medical examiner to get here, okay? - Why all the blood, Dex? - His head struck the table as he fell.
Jesus.
You Okay? No, I'm not okay.
I can't even have a drink with someone.
- You had a drink with him? - Yeah.
He was nice, you know? I liked him.
Did Price tell Deb about me and Hannah? Doubtful.
Deb would have already brought it up.
- I can't believe-- - I'm sorry.
- I wish I could tell you what happened.
- I know what happened.
Hannah McKay.
She killed Price.
What makes you think that? He was convinced she stabbed one of the victims.
And that she kept on killing.
Her husband, other people.
All with poison.
He was gonna put it in his book.
She poisoned Price.
It's not a coincidence.
- How would she pull that off? - I don't know.
I'm gonna pick her up for questioning.
I'm gonna run a tox screen on his body.
She's not gonna get away with it.
Not this time.
Hannah must know that Price's body will be tested for poison.
So why isn't she concerned? Or is she just that good at hiding it? Mrs.
McKay, I'm Lieutenant Morgan.
Do you want anything before we get started? A water? Coffee? Just wanna know what I'm doing here.
Okay.
- Sal Price is dead.
- Oh, my God.
She is that good.
What happened? - I was hoping you could tell me that.
- How can I do that? Ms.
McKay, I was hoping that we could cut through the crap.
Sal Price was writing a book on you.
You didn't like it, so you poisoned him.
That's crazy.
You're a killer, Ms.
McKay.
You're a fucking good one, I'll give you that.
You've gotten away with it for a long time.
But I have a blood report on Beverly Grey that proves she was killed by a plant that grows on your property.
And I have a forensics report on the Wayne Randall bodies that prove that you stabbed one of their victims to death.
I'm not even sure why we're talking about that.
I have immunity for the Wayne Randall killings.
Right, and the Beverly Grey evidence is circumstantial.
Unless I can tie it to the poisons that I'm gonna find in the tox screen that I just ordered for Sal Price.
That is gonna nail your fucking ass to the floor.
- I didn't do anything to Sal.
- No.
He just dropped dead.
People die.
It doesn't mean they were poisoned.
Is that what happened to your husband? Did he just die? Along with your unborn baby? What the fuck happened, Ms.
McKay? Was he pressuring you to have a family? Was it making you feel trapped? She's not acting.
Charge me with something, or let me go.
I am trying to give you an opportunity to come clean about Sal Price.
You'll be doing yourself a big favour when your case comes to trial.
- Am I done here? - Yeah.
You're done.
Trust me.
You know, my grandma has this saying.
"Trust those who seek the truth but doubt those who say that they have found it.
" My grandma wasn't ever wrong.
Hannah survived Deb's questioning but she might not make it through mine.
Price was going to destroy my life.
I had to do something.
I told you I would take care of it.
You weren't exactly giving me progress reports.
I saw a chance and I took it.
- I was doing it for you too.
- For me? He died in my apartment! My living room is a crime scene.
You know who I am, what that means to someone like me.
I figured it would kick in while Price was on the road, a convenient auto accident.
How'd you do it? Is it really important? - Is life in prison important? - I'm never going to prison.
Price liked to chew on his pens.
The last one had a little something on it, completely undetectable.
- You better hope so.
- I know so.
Just wish I could've destroyed Price's book along with him.
Actually, I took care of Price's book.
You what? How? I was at his apartment collecting DNA samples for my now-defunct plan to get him to shut up and I erased his research on you.
Thanks.
It only took a minute.
I could feel you watching me while I was being interrogated.
- You saw the whole thing, didn't you? - Is it true about your husband? Did you kill him because he didn't want a family? It was the opposite.
I wanted a family and he didn't.
He threatened to leave me unless I got an abortion.
- What happened to the baby? - It was a miscarriage.
Sometimes life subtracts.
Sometimes it adds.
Do you realise what happened? We were looking out for each other.
That's big for people like us, maybe even historic.
What's this? - For your restaurant.
- It's 10 grand.
You know I got that inheritance a while back.
- I've been looking to invest.
- I can't take this.
Are you crazy? You too good for my fucking money? - No, this is way too generous.
- Bullshit.
It's family money.
- You're family to me.
- Quinn.
Look, you're stuck with it.
I'm not taking it back.
I do expect a few free meals, though.
This is a loan, you asshole.
I'm gonna pay you back.
Okay, big guy.
We're good.
Report's back on the tox screen on Sal Price.
- This can't be right.
- M.
E.
ran it twice.
Negative both times.
That fucking bitch is gonna get away with it again.
Wayne was yelling for me to get her off him so I grabbed her by the hair and I pulled her to the bed and she just kept screaming and screaming.
So I stabbed her, and she just kept screaming and there was so much blood.
What did you do? I stabbed her until the screaming stopped.
Not only can't I kill her, I can't seem to stay away from her.
Even when I'm not with Hannah, she's there, in my head.
When some elements come together, they create a reaction that can't be reversed.
They transcend chemistry.
Is this what love feels like? Is this how it begins? Am I even capable of this? Hello? Hannah McKay killed Sal Price, and she's gonna walk.
She's gonna get away with it and we both know she's gonna kill again.
Deb, can we talk about this in the morning? He didn't deserve to die.
I can't let this happen.
There has to be some fucking justice.
It's you, Dex.
Me? You know what I'm saying? She deserves it.
I want you to make it right.
Do what you do.

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s07e07

