Dexter s07e08 Episode Script
Argentina

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s07e08

Previously on Dexter: She accepts both sides of me.
The whole Dexter.
How in the hell does the most crucial piece of evidence against Isaak Sirko just disappear? I did what you wanted.
Evidence against Sirko is gone.
I want Nadia's passport.
She's done with you and your whole shitty fucking organisation.
That's not gonna happen, Joey.
So you think real hard about your next move.
I'm at a dead end on Bay Harbour Butcher.
Everything we've done, all the evidence it still points to Sergeant Doakes.
At some point, we have to face facts.
Harrison is only going to Orlando for a few weeks, Dexter.
He's gonna be fine.
All he'll want to do is follow Cody around.
Every time the shit hits the fan, I go to him.
He's your safe place.
You're making it sound like I wanna be with him or something.
Well, do you? You didn't kill Viktor out of vengeance.
I have a feeling that you're a different kind of animal.
I can't even drink with someone without them dying.
Sorry, I wish I could tell you what happened.
I know what happened.
Hannah McKay.
Sal Price was writing a book on you.
You didn't like it, so you poisoned him.
- That's crazy.
- Report's back on the tox screen on Sal Price.
ME ran it twice.
Negative both times.
That fucking bitch is gonna get away with it again.
Hannah McKay killed Sal Price and she's gonna walk.
I want you to make it right.
Do what you do.
Was Deb's call just a bad dream? Or does she really want me to kill Hannah? Morning.
- How did you sleep? - Okay.
Special herbs from my garden.
It's my secret ingredient.
How can I help? You can dice.
It's more my style.
I sometimes lose track of time, but your calendar goes beyond that.
Oh, it's not so much a calendar but a reminder.
That's the year you took off with Wayne.
It's not about Wayne.
It's Argentina.
What was so special about Argentina? Nothing, really, I just-- I like the picture.
It looks like Nice, happy- A home.
My sister, who's also my lieutenant so I should probably get to work soon.
Your sister is the lieutenant? Yeah, I didn't mention that.
No, you didn't.
Is this crazy? "This"? You and me, just sitting here, eating breakfast.
I always eat breakfast.
It's important.
I know that we decided to never see each other again so I just want you to know that if last night was a one-night thing for you, then I'm okay with that.
Okay.
But if you want to never see each other again tomorrow night then I'm okay with that too.
Okay.
You're very agreeable.
Yep.
I need to find some way to get her out of Debra's head even if I can't get her out of mine.
Hey, come on in.
Do you want coffee? There's plenty.
I couldn't fucking sleep.
Sure.
- Deb? - Yeah? What you said last night, you didn't mean it.
Did you? Yeah, Dex, I meant it.
The good news is I've already vetted her for you.
She killed three people that we know of, not including what she did with Wayne.
And Price had a tissue sample and a lab report on Beverly Grey that proved she was poisoned with aconite.
But go figure, some asshole broke into his apartment and disappeared all the files on Hannah.
- Thank you very much.
- You're welcome.
You don't know she killed Price.
You don't even know Price was murdered.
You want to know what he was doing the day he died? He was recording this.
Then she just kept screaming and there was so much blood.
What did you do? I stabbed her until the screaming stopped.
- Deb, she was 15.
- You want more? Let's talk about how she didn't allow her husband's body to be embalmed.
She fits your code, Dex.
I'm not killing Hannah McKay.
You know how hard it was for me to ask you that? I have been going around in my head in circles trying to come up with something with anything that I can fucking use, but I've got nothing.
Sal and I were so close.
If that body hadn't decomposed we'd fucking have her.
She'd be locked up.
He would be alive.
But he's dead and Hannah McKay is walking around, free to kill again.
And she will fucking kill again, Dexter.
That's who she is.
And I can't let that happen.
Not after Speltzer.
I wish there was another way.
You're all I have left.
What's up? It's Astor.
"Grandpa's kidney stones are acting up again.
Grandma's taking him to the doctor.
Hopefully it's not too serious.
" Deb, you told me you didn't wanna be a part of what I do.
Before I realised-- You could hardly live with yourself when you lied to Batista for me.
How will you live with knowing you're responsible for a murder? Don't tell me what I can and can't handle.
Turns out there's a fuck of a lot that I can live with these days.
No, you can't.
Ever since you found out, you've been teetering on the edge.
- You've covered up evidence, lied-- - For you.
That's why I can't let you take it any further.
- For your own good.
- For my own-- ? Oh, please, do not parent me, Dexter.
You sound like Dad.
Because that's probably what he'd say.
This isn't who you are.
Deb, I care about you too much to let you do something you're gonna regret.
I'm sorry, the answer is no.
Well, I guess it's your fucking decision, isn't it'? Even though everything I just said is true it doesn't make me any less of a liar.
Excellent.
The police will follow Jurg and your bodyguard around all afternoon.
And then what? The cops are dicks, but they're not morons.
They'll figure out you're not in the car.
Eventually, sure.
But by then, I'll have taken care of my business.
Business? What business? This isn't about Dexter Morgan again, is it? You're not thinking straight here.
He works for Miami Metro.
We take out one more of theirs, they shut this place down for good.
We have inventory to move tonight.
Come on, man, just let it go.
Go home.
Deb's got 24-hour police surveillance on Isaak which means I know where he is at all times.
He's moved into Viktor's apartment and hardly gone anywhere other than The Fox Hole and a few restaurants.
Hey, Dexter.
The usual? Yeah, thanks.
Do you have any Boston creams? It's my sister's favourite.
Got some fresh ones coming out now.
- Take just a minute.
- Thanks.
Is that your plan to keep Debra from going over to the dark side? - Give her a massive sugar rush? - I don't exactly have a plan yet.
I can think of an obvious one.
I'm not gonna stop seeing Hannah just because she's a murderer and my sister wants to kill her.
Do you hear how that sounds? - What the hell? - I don't know.
Those fucking gang kids are at it again.
- Yeah, I guess so.
- I'm calling the police.
While you played house with Hannah, Isaak found a way to shake the police which likely means he'll come after you again.
Well, if he can get past Miami Metro Homicide, so can I.
Grandpa's gone to surgery.
- We have to stay with you.
- Shit.
What? - The kids are coming.
- Kids as in plural? Grandpa has to have surgery.
I need to send Jamie to Orlando to pick them up.
It was Isaak, wasn't it? - How did he get away from the cops? - Does it matter? - Did you see him? - Yeah.
Then you're a fucking witness.
I can arrest him.
You already tried that once.
It didn't work.
You really want an investigation into why Isaak Sirko is trying to kill me? So, what the fuck am I supposed to do? Just let me handle it.
It's not like I have much of a choice.
Just be careful, okay? There's one other thing.
I got a call from the kids' grandmother.
- Harrison okay? - Yeah, he's fine.
But Bill has to have emergency surgery and Maura wants me to watch Harrison and Astor and Cody for a few days.
- Now is not a good time.
- I know, but what could I say'? - Jamie's picking them up.
- They can't stay at your apartment.
Isaak probably has his own key by now.
Any ideas? Yeah, they can stay at my place.
I'll get patrol cars to cover my house, just in case.
How are you gonna explain that to LaGuerta? I'll tell her that I'm afraid lsaak's gonna come after me for his arrest.
Your house isn't exactly kid friendly.
- What does that mean? - Well, you have a gun.
I'll lock it up.
And the pay channels.
Cody's 12.
Okay, I'll lock up the remote.
Anything else? Anything in your kitchen besides salsa and beer? There was some cheese when I moved in.
I'll have Jamie stock the fridge.
This is gonna be great.
I love kids.
I don't love kids in general, but I love your kids.
And Astor and Cody, it's been a long time.
I'll give you a heads-up when I know when they're getting in.
Thanks.
Yeah.
What's that? I'm gonna pay Hannah McKay a visit.
Why? Just because you're not gonna do what you do doesn't mean she gets to live happily fucking ever after.
I guess it was foolish to think Deb would simply walk away from this.
Hey, I heard about your donut shop.
Oh, yeah.
Pretty scary.
Francisco thinks it was gang-related.
Showdown between the crullers and the fritters? Deb, if you need me, I'll be on my cell phone.
Something UP? Just some business on the other side of town.
Dexter.
Ladies.
If you get a chance, stop by Papa's after work today.
- It's under new management.
- Shut up.
You got the restaurant? The landlord and I came to an agreement with the lease.
Call me Papa.
No, I will not do that, but I will stop by for a drink later.
- Dex, you're in? - No, I've got the kids coming into town.
It's a family place.
Bring them.
Angel.
I'm really happy for you.
One cubic yard of cocoa mulch, Let me get back to you.
Lieutenant.
You in the market for some orchids? I'm not buying anything from you.
- Look, I think you have the wrong idea-- - Shut up.
I'm not interested in anything you have to say, because you're a fucking liar.
I know who you are.
I know what you are.
Well, I think you'd be surprised at the things that you don't know about me.
Sal Price shared everything with me.
So you may think you're safer because he's dead, but actually it's worse.
He was just a writer.
I'm a cop.
Whatever you're hiding, I'll find out.
Sal Price was a storyteller.
He wanted to sell books.
He didn't care if they were true or not.
You admitted to him on tape that you killed with Wayne.
How convenient that he died before he had a chance to write about it.
Lieutenant, what were you doing when you were 15 years old? I'm guessing you were probably on the soccer team or something, right? Me, I was just some dumb farm girl who was wakened in the middle of the night by an older boy that I had a crush on who said, "Let's go on a trip.
" I was in over my head.
You knew exactly what you were doing then.
You're in over your head now.
Well, I don't know why I care so much about what you think but somehow I do, so I'm sorry.
You haven't even begun to be sorry.
I'm not suggesting a coup here.
More like a realignment.
I'd never do anything without the support of the Brotherhood but I feel like something has to be done or this whole thing's gonna explode in our faces.
Okay.
Consider it done.
You wanna stick around? Watch your girl? Drinks on me.
I've got a better idea.
Why don't you go fuck yourself? - Come on, Joey.
- No, don't "Come on, Joey" me.
We had a deal and you fucked me over, so we're done.
Look, I'm sorry I couldn't get you Nadia's passport.
I tried, man, but the guys in Kiev, they pull the strings.
What I do have is some cash.
If you do one more job for me, you can buy something for Nadia.
See, I don't want your fucking cash.
And if you take that out on her I'll have ICE down here faster than you can count checking on the immigration status of all your employees.
So go fuck yourself.
Bye.
Miami Metro believes they know where Isaak is at all times but obviously I can't count on that.
Hope he enjoys his last meal.
When he gets home to Viktor's apartment, I'll be waiting.
- Hey, Jamie.
- Hey, Dex.
We just made a quick pit stop.
I warned Cody about the Big Gulp.
But we're about three hours out depending on traffic.
Great.
Why don't we meet at your brother's new restaurant? If he's got macaroni and cheese, we'll be fine.
Apparently that's all Harrison's willingly consumed - since he got to Orlando.
- It is his favourite.
- God, Cody, we don't want to stop again.
- But I'm thirsty.
Can't we leave him by the side of the road? No, Astor, we can't just leave him by the side of the road.
Sounds like you got your hands full.
We'll see you in Miami, Dexter.
Drive safe.
People always say they'd like to die at home.
I'll leave his body here and let the police blame it on the Colombians.
Who the hell are you? I'm the building super.
I came to fix the faucet.
I didn't know anyone was home.
You're not the super.
Sure I am.
Who are you? I'm the Avon Lady.
Well, that's just silly.
You're here for the same reason I am.
- Which is? - To kill Sirko.
Look, I don't know who sent you here but I'm not going halfsies with anyone.
This is my job.
We could have just gone halfsies.
With all the people who want to kill Isaak why is it so hard to get him dead? Not this guy.
This one either.
Dexter Morgan.
This guy had a slip.
Had? Meaning he doesn't have one anymore? No, he moved a few years back.
I remember because it was odd.
He had eight months to go on his lease.
When exactly did he move? May, 2007.
- Are you sure? - Yeah.
You're getting heavier.
What did they feed you up there? Mac and cheese.
And more mac and cheese.
- Wanna play on the beach after we eat? - Oh, I can take him now.
Astor and Cody were fighting the entire drive down.
I need a break.
- Mojitos on the house.
- All right.
For the grown-ups.
Sodas for the kids.
Sorry, I gotta keep my liquor license.
- Everything good here? - It's perfect.
Thanks, Angel.
Perfect because it has a built-in security system.
Dexter, check out my "Angry Birds" score.
Dexter doesn't wanna see your "Angry Birds" score.
Put it away.
- I've missed you guys.
- We missed you too.
So how's school? ls math still kicking your ass? Butt.
Kicking your butt.
That's what I said.
ls math still kicking your butt? I'm a year ahead in math now and I'm taking A.
P.
Bio.
Impressive.
She passed out when they dissected the fetal pig.
Can we not talk about fetal pigs at dinner? Can we not get through dinner without you doing something disgusting? Can you stop acting like Miss Perfect? You can't even make it through a weekend without smoking pot.
Oh, my God.
You know how many cops are here? - You wanna get arrested? - God, what is wrong with you? Guess I should go talk to her.
I'll be your backup.
I don't do it a lot, I swear.
Just when I get really stressed out.
You wanna tell me what's going on? It's just pot.
In some states, it's not even against the law.
It's always against the law for someone your age which is for your own good, by the way.
Thanks for the public service announcement.
Dexter's right.
Sometimes things that seem like a good idea in the moment are things you'll end up regretting later.
Astor I know how certain vices can be used to relieve stress.
But sometimes those vices can cause more problems than the original stress.
Okay, I get it, pot is evil.
Are we done? Sure, we're done.
Kids are all asleep in your room.
I put Harrison on your bed.
I hope that's okay.
Yeah, sure.
He doesn't wet the bed, does he? Not always.
You owe me.
Jamie will be here first thing in the morning.
Hey, Dex maybe you were right about Hannah.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
If anyone deserves what you do, she does.
But it must have been hard to resist and I know you did it for me.
So thanks for caring.
You don't have to thank me.
Thanks for taking everyone in.
My home is their home.
My family-.
All that's left of it is here, under one roof.
It should feel like home.
So why do I want so badly to be somewhere else? Look who's not here again.
Is this a bad time? Fortunately, you've managed to catch me in between gentleman callers.
Well, I guess it's my lucky night.
What brings you DY? Or is this your version of a booty call? - What's a booty call? - Seriously? Actually, I just stopped by because I'm gonna be busy for the next few days.
So you came by to see me because you can't see me? Something like that.
So, what's got you so busy? Nothing, I just The head of the Koshka Brotherhood wants to kill me.
You're not kidding.
Well, I don't know what a Koshka Brotherhood is, but it sounds bad.
It's kind of Ukrainian mafia.
What did you do to piss them off? Not them.
Just Isaak Sirko.
He has this personal vendetta against me.
Why? I killed one of his key guys.
Well, it happens.
So, what do you know about this Isaak Sirko? I know that he wants to kill me and that I need to kill him first and that it's harder than I thought it would be.
Well, you want my advice? Sure.
You spent a lot of time finding out all about me before you - Before I tried to kill you.
- Right.
This is different.
I had to make sure that you fit my code.
I already know lsaak's a killer.
Still, it seems like you have a system and it's working for you, right? Most of the time.
Well, so why don't you try the same thing on this guy? Figure out who he is and why he really wants to kill you.
Here.
Take my van.
He might know your car.
Besides, it'll give you a decent excuse to come by and not see me again.
I have never been able to talk to anyone about my kills before.
Not like this.
No judgment, no fear, no panic.
- That's nice.
- Yeah.
I'm kind of tired of talking.
Maybe I can show you what a booty call is.
Come on, Joey.
It's not that bad.
I only have to work for George for two more years.
Then I'll have my freedom.
- You believe that? - He likes his dancers young.
There are always more girls who want to come here.
I'm sorry I let you down.
Just promise me you'll never do anything for them again.
Not even for me.
I promise.
- Okay, I'm gonna take a shower.
- Okay.
How'd I know I'd find your horny ass here? I got something to show you.
- I'm not interested.
- Oh, I think you might be.
But Isaak Sirko, he wants you to lose the blood evidence linking him to the Colombian murders.
Let me skip to the good part.
If I do this, Nadia's a free woman.
You give me her fucking passport, understand? Deal.
And I'll do you one better.
You can even keep the cash.
Now do we understand each other? If I go down, you're going down with me.
It won't exactly ruin my reputation.
I got the Koshka Brotherhood behind me.
You saw how long Sirko stayed behind bars.
Who's gonna save your ass? Miami Metro? What do you want'? Same kind of shit you used to do for us.
We have some product that needs to move.
I need a cop around to make sure nothing goes wrong.
If you help us, you make some money.
And if you don't, that recording goes on the fucking cloud.
I'm sorry to twist your arm, buddy, but you really left me no choice.
I'll see you tonight.
No one else here.
Not anymore, anyway.
Do you recognise him? - He's one of George's men.
- Sent here to kill me.
George wouldn't make a move without getting approval from the boys in Kiev.
- So much for brotherhood.
- This can be fixed.
- We can go home, we can call-- - No.
I'm a dead man there.
You've already gone above and beyond the call of duty, Jurg.
Your loyalty could get you killed.
Where you go, I go.
My offshore accounts should last some time.
But I won't have access to the corporate accounts.
Bloody hell.
Then there's this.
We're gonna need another place to stay.
Who do you think killed him? Well, that's a job for the police, isn't it? Why don't you go and give our friends downstairs a call? Looks like the gang's all here.
So you have no idea what he was doing in your apartment? Not a clue.
But I'm sure your trusty blood spatter analyst could figure it out.
Mr.
Sirko, the gun that we found would suggest that he came here to kill someone.
And since you live here, that someone may very well be you.
What a frightening thought.
Then perhaps I need some sort of police escort.
- Oh, I already have that.
- We'll have to confirm with the ME but judging by the lividity and state of rigour I'd estimate the time of death as sometime yesterday afternoon.
Let me see.
Now, where was I yesterday afternoon? Perhaps these kind officers could refresh my memory.
Unis tailed him all day.
He wasn't here.
Seems I have an alibi.
I hope they're trustworthy.
- Dex, what have you got? - Yes, please, Dex, tell us your theory.
I'm so curious.
Well, judging by the photo found in the victim's pocket he was lying in wait for Mr.
Sirko.
Here you go.
These scuff marks indicate a struggle.
They fell to the floor.
And then the killer cut his carotid artery with one swipe of a very sharp knife.
My, my- You couldn't have described that better if you'd been there yourself.
Thanks.
I have plans with the kids today.
You think you can finish this up? Fine, but one of these days, I'm gonna track down some of my kids - so that I can skip out on work.
- Thanks.
Vince is gonna take it from here.
Keep him occupied as long as you can.
Kill you later, Isaak.
Yeah.
Oh, that's gonna be really good.
See, get it all up in there.
Yeah.
That's a strong castle, mister.
You're doing so good.
- Want that? - He did it all himself.
- That's pretty awesome.
- Yummy.
You know what? I think you need a little bit more sunscreen, Harrison.
Hey, buddy, you know what this place needs? A moat.
Keep the bad guys out.
I'll be back in a minute.
Can I have some of that leg? I miss the beach.
It reminds me of Mom.
Yeah, she used to take you guys here all the time.
Atlanta doesn't feel like home, but here doesn't either.
It's like there's no place I actually belong.
You know what I mean? Actually, yeah, I do.
If my grandparents find out about the pot they'll think I'm just turning into my dad or something.
I feel like they're just waiting for that to happen anyways.
You know, when I was younger, someone told me who I was and I pretty much took his word for it.
If I'd taken the time to decide for myself I would have turned out different.
Different how? I don't really know, but I kind of wish I did.
For the record, you didn't turn out so bad.
For the record, the pot will stay off the record.
Just give me a sec.
- Hey, Hannah.
- Hey, I'm sorry to bother you but I accidentally left my greenhouse keys in the van.
I'm kind of in the middle of something.
I could bring them by in a few hours.
Just tell me where you are and I'll swing by.
Home Beach.
Tower 1.
Okay, great.
I'll call you when I get there.
- Is this the one? - Yeah, thanks.
So, what are you doing out here? Hey, Dexter.
Look.
Oh, right.
Of course.
I should've seen that one coming.
No, she's not-- She's my nanny.
Your nanny? Yeah, that little guy is my son.
Harrison.
He's 3.
I told you about his mother, how she passed away.
The other two are Astor and Cody.
They're my step-kids.
They live in Orlando with their grandparents.
Harrison lives with me most of the time.
I'm sorry.
I should have told you.
You didn't trust me or you were afraid it would push me away? Maybe a little of both.
Well, I'd love to meet them sometime.
- You're lucky, Dexter.
- Lucky? No matter where I go I'm Hannah McKay, the spree killer's girlfriend.
Nobody has a clue who you are.
You get to have this normal life with kids and Is that something you want? It was, once upon a time.
Wayne and I talked about having 10 of them.
Could you imagine what a train wreck that would have been? Then when I got married to Jake, I thought: "This is how it's supposed to be," you know? But when that whole thing went to shit I just figured it wasn't really in the cards for me.
That's what I used to think too.
Dex, get over here.
Well, I won't intrude.
- Enjoy your time with them.
- Okay.
Hey.
Everyone asleep? Yeah, finally.
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two-hour process.
And that reading those Dr.
Seuss books out loud is really fucking hard.
Sorry I missed that.
Teenagers are great.
You tell them what to do.
I mean, my house has never looked so clean.
I love families.
Does Hannah fit into my family somewhere? What's that doing here? I borrowed a oar from a friend so Isaak wouldn't recognise me.
Does that friend happen to be Hannah McKay? - I was going to-- - Oh, my God.
Are you fucking her? - I can explain.
- I know what fucking is.
No explanation necessary.
Is that why you wouldn't kill her? Partially.
I am the biggest asshole on the planet.
All that bullshit about you caring about me too much to let me do something I would regret? I fucking bought it.
Deb, everything I said was true.
Yes, I didn't kill Hannah because I have feelings for her but that doesn't make what I said to you any less true.
Feelings? Are you in love with her? I don't know.
Is it because she's a serial killer? Does that turn you on or something? What do you all do, sit around and talk about who you're gonna take out next? Oh, my God.
Price? Did you fucking help her with Price? No.
I don't even know why I fucking ask you, Dexter.
Every time I think I know exactly who you are you tell me something worse.
Being with Hannah is worse - than being a killer? - Yes.
No.
I don't I know you're not gonna stop killing.
I mean, you've made that very clear.
But you can stop seeing her.
I don't wanna stop seeing her.
Look what happened to her husband, Dexter.
She doesn't have the best track record with men.
I don't even want to talk about the fucking body trail that you've left in your love life.
I'm not asking your permission, Deb.
So you don't care what it does to me? - I don't want to hurt you.
- Well, guess what.
You did.
You picked the one way that you could hurt me worse than you could ever fucking understand.
You told me you accepted me being a killer.
- If you love me, you'll accept this.
- If I love you? If I love you.
I went to the church that night that you killed Travis Marshall to tell you that I'm in love with you.
You're in love with me? Fuck.
Oh, my God.
Was.
I don't even know if I fucking like you.
Just Forget it.
What do you mean, you're in love with me? I didn't mean to say that.
I don't I know it's weird and it's gross and it's fucked up, but And I know you don't feel the same.
I don't even know if I feel the same.
It's one thing to be in love with your brother but it is a whole other level to be in love with your brother who's a goddamn fucking serial killer.
You're a serial killer and I'm more fucked up than you are.
Well, aren't you gonna say anything? I'm sorry.
I don't know what to say.
Oh, God, you never do.
Will you please just go? I really-- I can't look at you.
Are you gonna just keep following Isaak around all night? I can really use a kill tonight.
After what just happened with your sister? She's not She's not in love with me.
That's insane.
You have to admit, it explains a lot.
Why she didn't arrest you.
Why she keeps believing all your lies.
Why she's willing to give up everything she believes in for you.
What am I supposed to do? I can't feel what Deb wants me to feel.
You don't even know how she wants you to feel.
You just left.
She asked me to leave.
Dexter calm down.
Oh, well, you know what I do to calm myself.
Where is Isaak going? Looks like a bar.
I'll give him half a dose, walk out the back so the police don't see me.
I'll look like a friend walking his drunk buddy to his car.
He could be leading you into a trap.
Not to mention, the police are only 100 feet away.
What a pleasant surprise.
We both know you can't kill me here.
Oh, I can.
But I won't.
Has to be some vestige of civility left even in this corner of the world.
You call shooting at me in a donut shop civil? I was short on time and opportunity.
Barman, can I have a beer for my friend, Dexter Morgan? Now we can both relax.
Unlike most places on the planet, everyone's welcome here.
You thought your enemies wouldn't follow you into a gay bar? No.
I thought I'd feel comfortable in a gay bar.
Ironic, isn't it? I always feared the Brotherhood would learn my secret and turn against me.
Now they've turned against me anyway, and none the wiser about this.
I will have to thank you for slitting that assassin's throat.
You might have saved my life.
But you must explain to me your aversion to guns sometime.
- It's complicated.
- I can imagine it is.
You should cut your losses, Isaak.
Go back to Kiev.
There's nothing waiting for me back in Kiev except for a large, well-staffed house and an attractive secretary who occasionally pretends we're an item to keep the rumours from circulating.
The one thing that made my life worth living in Kiev you tossed in the ocean a few weeks back.
- You and Viktor were-- - Lovers.
More than that.
You took from me the one thing that money and power can't bring back.
And now thanks to you, also the luxuries are gone too.
Not because of me.
Because of this vendetta you're holding on to.
And what did you do to the man who murdered your spouse? Nothing you wouldn't have done.
Nothing I wouldn't do a thousand times over again.
- Did it help? - She's still dead.
I can see that Viktor meant a great deal to you but he was a killer and he got what he deserved.
My wife was innocent.
And if she weren't, you'd feel the same.
That's how love is.
It's a powerful weapon.
It can work for us or against us, can't it? I don't understand much about love.
Well, that's because you're a scientist.
Love defies reason.
Nothing defies reason.
Logically, Viktor and I shouldn't have been together.
I mean, aside from the obvious social stigma Viktor was impulsive, foolhardy even.
Always out to prove something.
I suppose the heart knows something that we just don't know.
Or maybe the heart is just wrong.
Oh, I doubt that.
Love can be inconvenient, perhaps inappropriate.
It can be dangerous.
Make us do things we wouldn't dream of doing.
But wrong? That just depends on where we end up, doesn't it? - We don't have to do this.
- I do have to do this.
And then what? Then? Well, I hadn't really thought about it.
Suppose I'll take my funds, find some little attractive corner of the world and while away my days in comfort and anonymity.
Argentina.
Actually, I was thinking more like Micronesia, but each to their own.
We're outsiders, you and I.
On the periphery.
Watching everybody else.
Pretending we're just like them, but knowing we're not.
Best we can hope for is to find a place where we don't have to pretend.
It's a shame, really.
Under different circumstances, I think we could have been great friends.
Till next time.
Everyone wants an Argentina.
A place where the slate is wiped clean.
Isaak, I'm at the airport in Miami.
I'll be home soon.
Isaak, I'm at the airport in Miami.
I'll be home soon.
But the truth is Argentina is just Argentina.
No matter where we go, we take ourselves and our damage with us.
So is home the place we run to or is it the place we run from? Only to hide out in places where we're accepted unconditionally.
Places that feel more like home to us because we can finally be who we are.


Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=dexter&episode=s07e08

