Rate of Exchange



                    			Previously on Prison Break When I sent you those envelopes i wasn't just playing games. Move on subject four. - My wife is a defenseless woman. - Execute the order. Please don't do that! Don't call anyone. You wanted to get in on the action, here's your chance. Three-quarters of a billion dollars in a numerical account in Luxembourg. All the data will be delivered within 24 hours. Case. I'll take that. Hi, Mom. I know you have it. Bring me Scylla or this time Sara's death will not be faked. Linc! Looks like you have a little dicision to make. Scylla or someone you love. Just think this through, Michael. I have, and we're saving them both. How? I will figure it out. Your brother's bleeding to death. I wonder if we can get them to bring Linc and Sara to the same place. Right now, your only advantage is that neither party knows that there's another player that has leverage on you. You bring them both together, you lose your tactical edge. I'm not abandoning Sara. I didn't say to do that. What i am saying is that Sara has the advantage of not having a bullet in her chest. One at a time. Big surprise. The dumb one got caught, the smart one got away. I'm beginning to see a pattern here. He's never gonna give it to you. Hmm, i disagree. He truly cares for you. No matter how many times you've shown you don't deserve it. You know, you two are truly a classic study of nature versus nurture. Same environment, same parents you're completely different. Why do you think that is, Lincoln? Because Mom's a psychotic bitch. Hello,Michael. All right,you win. I'll give you Scylla. Just give Linc whatever help he needs. Not until i get what i need. Edison Shipping Yard, B Dock, 45 minutes. And bring my brother. He doesn't look so good. Just be there. Is is worth it,S ara? Do you ever go back to that night and wonder how things would have gone if you had just left that infirmary door locked? All the people who's lives would have been saved. Hell, your father would still be alive. You ever think about that? Mm-hmm. And now that Michael's returning Scylla to me, it was all for nothing. Assuming he does return it. If the situation were reversed, if Michael were here and you were holding Scylla, what would you do? You'd bring it back for the same reason you left that door unlocked because you couldn't let an innocent man die. Your heart betrays your better judgment. So does Scofield's. You know,you're probably right. Because if Michael had used his better judgment the night he stole Scylla out from under your nose, he would have killed you. Get her out of my sight. Take it. Either take my pocket or i take yours. Understand? The authorities are blanketing the streets looking for the primary suspects, Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield. The brothers, famous for one of the most daring prison breaks in recent history, are considered armed and extremely dangerous. Homemade explosives? You got a better idea? Maybe the best way to save Linc to save everyone is give Christina what she wants. I'm just trying to find a way where the people that we love don't end up on an autopsy table. And i'm not? Better get your story straight, Alex. This whole time you've been saying we should give Scylla back to the General. What,you didn't hear what he did to Self's wife? Self made his own bed. Yeah,and we're sleeping in it. Let's say,best-case scenario, okay, that maybe somehow we're able to get to Linc and Sara. Okay, what then? General's still got somebody watching my wife. What's the plan to keep her safe? What about L.J.? What's the plan to keep him safe? I can't think about that right now. Maybe we go to your mother and try to make a deal. I mean,there's no love lost between her and the General. With her contacts,if we give her Scylla, maybe she can find out where the agents We're not giving up and we're not giving it back! We're gonna save everyone! What the hell are you doing here? What am i doing here? You're in recovery, Mr. Self. Apparently,you had quite a fall. Luckily,someone found you and called 911. They did what? The doctor will be in shortly to go over your history. No, no, no, no. Tell the doctor to go see the next guy. I'm going. Actually, i can't. There's some men here waiting to talk to you. What kind of men? The kind with badges. Mr. Self,my name is Agent Chris Franco. This is Agent Wilson Wright. We're with the Bureau. We'd like to ask you a few questions. About what? Let's start with where we can find Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield. Be ready to pick us up. Better not get to close that thing when it goes off. And you better not get too far. All right,if Michael tries anything, take out both knees. I don't want him dead, i just want him immobilized and eager to talk. And what do you want to do with Burrows? Once i get Scylla, dump him off the dock. Yeah,one of them guys from the news, i think i just seen him. Interesting choice. I would have thought you'd picked something a little more public for your own protection. Something a little more public isn't safe for me right now, thanks to you. Did you come alone? Did you? Come on. We can have at least one honest conversation, can't we? Actually, i'd like that. In spite of what you think, i never wanted to see you get hurt. What did you want? Understanding forgiveness. But when i made my choice, i knew i'd never have any of those things. But you will have power, won't you? Yes,and you'll have Lincoln. Quite honestly, i think you're getting the short end of the stick. Speaking of which, i need to get him to a hospital, so where is he? Where is Scylla? I need to know he's alive. Satisfied? Follow me. Now, you wouldn't have some little trick up your sleeve, would you, son? I'm done playing games with you. Good. Then bring Scylla out to me. If i bring Scylla out in the open, your man will shoot me. Well,then i guess we have a standoff. The only thing is, what i want isn't gasping for air and losing a pint of blood every ten minutes. Give it to me, Michael. You know i can't do that. Give it to me, Michael. You're running out of options, son. I said no. This is the Miami Police! Give it to me, Michael! Christina, we gotta go! Come and get it. Go get it. Son of a Come on,come on, Michael. Michael, we gotta go now! Now! So the government helped you out? After all we've been through, you know how crazy that sounds, huh? Well,the proof is there. Every morning i wake up my little girl and she's healthy again, man. Where are you living? Actually,uh,that's why i came down here to talk to you. You know,uh We were in protective custody while i was waiting to testify against Mahone, but his case fell through. Anyway they wanted to not only renege on my deal, they wanted to put my ass back in Fox River. So,what are you doing here in Chicago following me? I was wondering if you, uh, had any idea of where Michael and Linc were. Wait,wait,whoa,whoa, where you going? Look, you in a bind with the feds, and now you want to know about Mike and Linc? - Come on,come on - What,you gonna bust me, too? No, i am trying to help you, man. And them. Okay, man, don't you watch the news, Sucre? They are in a lot of trouble. Big time. And the only way they can get out of it is if you help me find them. We're just trying to find the two men behind this assassination. Well,obviously your clearance level isn't high enough for you to fully grasp the operation that i've been involved with. All right, then how about we tell you what we've grasped so far. The dead body of your partner, Agent Miriam Holtz autopsy shows the bullet she was shot with - was fired from an agency -issued firearm. - Right. The disappearance of your direct supervisor at Homeland, Mr.Herb Stanton. - Okay. - We also got a number of DHS transportation officers with interesting information concerning a warehouse back in Los Angeles that you were conducting some kind of secret operation out of. So when an international political figure is assassinated on American soil by two men taken into custody by a Homeland Security agent, who by all appearances has gone rogue, you tell us what we're supposed to think is going on. What's going on is you're talking to a federal agent like i'm an accomplice to a crime that i had nothing to do with. Do you have any idea how many years i've served my country? Do you have any idea to the extent that i've served my? What is this,Gitmo now? As a Homeland agent, you are aware, i'm sure, that anyone who impedes an investigation into an act of terrorism has virtually no protection under the law. Okay! Okay! Okay. Now, where are Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows? I don't know where they are. Okay? But i could find out. Well,Michael clearly cares more about winning than he does about saving your life. Looks ke you're not going to live long enough to be an uncle. What? What? Sara hasn't told anybody. Christina,Banerjee's on the phone. He wants to know why he hasn't received the technology. If Michael doesn't call in the next ten minutes, you're gonna wish he'd let you fry back at Fox River. Hello. I thought we had an understanding. I thought i made the stakes crystal clear. You did,and i'm trying. And i'm trying not to kill Sara, but that would be a lot easier if i had something in this hand besides a gun. Look,every cop and fed in this city is looking for me. The last thing i want to do is jeopardize her life by getting arrested and having the very thing you want locked up as evidence. Well, i appreciate you taking care of my interests, Michael. I do. And believe me,for that reason i will take care of your interests, but if i don't see Scylla in one hour, i'm unleashing Bagwell to play doctor with the doctor. Am i clear?! I need more time. One hour! Doesn't Michael understand? He's playing chicken with other people's lives here. My life's been threatened before. I'm not talking about yours. That boy has messed up every chance i've ever had at freedom. This is my last shot. You really think when this is over you're going to be free? Better than free I'm going to be employed. The General's getting me an honest-to-goodness job with an office and a desk. What kind of a job is he going to get you, huh? What's he going to trust you with? The General hires professional killers, not amateurs. Not uneducated criminals who rape and kill. You mind your tongue, little lady. The only thing you're getting when this is over is a slit throat and an unmarked grave. Actually, your only chance at a life is to get out of here. And if you take me with you, whatever's happened between you and Michael, if you get me back to him, the slate could be wiped clean. With Michael and me that slate's never going to be clean. And if he doesn't give the General what he wants it's going to get a hell of a lot dirtier. What are you doing? I need to make sure Linc's okay. I suppose that little explosion was meant for me. Let's pretend that was for the cops. Please, Michael, stop. You're embarrassing yourself. You should know by now that you can't outthink me. I'll always be one step ahead of you because i'm your mother. Is Linc okay? I remember the first time i caught you in a lie. I could see it in your eyes, just like i could see it today. Put him on the phone. You're not in a position to be making demands, son. Actually,if Linc is dead, i have no reason to give you Scylla, which puts me in exactly the position you describe. Yeah. Hey,it's nice to know you're still breathing. How much time do i have? Not much. The General has Sara. He's giving me an hour to exchange her for Scylla. I need to know where you are, so if you can give me any kind of signal. Don't know. Look,if i'm going to save you both, - i need something, anything. - Banerjee again. There's just not enough time, Michael. I can do this, Linc. I can do this. There's something you need to know. Sara's p Sara's pregnant. It's it's okay. You're going to be a dad. No, i understand. Now,if you just give us a little more time go to her, Michael. I'll find a way, Linc. There's not enough time. There's just not enough time. Let me go out knowing that i did something for you. - Give me that! - Let me Linc? I'm sorry about what's ever happening to Linc. And i know you have to protect your family, i understand that, but, Michael, what are we going to do about the rest of us? What are we going to do about my wife? Alex, i don't i don't know what you want me to say. You haven't gone a day in your life without a plan. Please don't start now. All i know is i have 43 minutes to get this to the General. I am done making plans. And to hell with everybody else. Well maybe it's time I take a page from your book, Alex. Hang out on the sidelines, survey the field. When the time is right, back the winning horse. That's what you think i'm about? Tell me something,Alex, which horse are you backing now? Because i'm not quite clear on that. At least you got a decision. They took my son. I didn't get to choose. I'm just trying to do whatever it takes to to not lose everything. So am I. So if there's something you need to do to protect Pam, you should do it. Do you realize after what you pulled, you're completely worthless to me now? You've been worthless to me all your life. I know you and Michael think i was a terrible mother. Couldn't agree with you more. I warned Aldo. I told him i was not cut out for it. It is not in my nature! He used to call me his Lady Macbeth. I knew there was a reason i hated Shakespeare. You hated it because you couldn't understand it. You couldn't understand it because your real mother was as dumb as a day-old doughnut. You asked me how i could just sit and watch my son go into the chair. The answer's simple really. You're not my son. Michael already knows. That must be why it's so easy for him to play with your life. I guess we have that in common. Now, go find my son. Your information leads to an arrest, we'll make sure the courts can't touch you. Right. Well,you put that in writing and then we're in business. No,no,the only thing you get to demand in writing is what we put on your tombstone. Last thing you're going to want to find out about is the brothers killing somebody else while you're in here harassing your only source of intel. It needs to be in writing, and signed by the Attorney General. I don't trust anyone who says they work for the government. All you have to do is call the brothers. Get them on the phone, let me talk to them. And then they can make up their own minds, all right? I'm just trying to stay out of all this. I finally got my family back, and i'm not about to risk losing them again. I know this feels good today. But what about a couple months from now, huh? When the only job you can get is under the table or some labor gig, where every minute you'll be worrying about the guy you're sweating next to, if he's gonna drop the dime in a heartbeat because he recognizes you. How is finding Linc and Mike gonna change any of that? This guy sought me out, okay? He knows everything about this whole thing. Well,is he government? 'Cause if he's government, i don't want i didn't trust him at first either! Okay? But it's something about being in the pen where you start to decipher who is a player and who is a punk. And this guy is a player. Just like Scofield. So the only thing that we have to do is tell him where the brothers are, help him get this device thing back, and and so he can put it into the right hands. And then what? Hmm? This brother has juice. He can erase our entire record. Now, i'm not talking about cash and all that flashy stuff. I'm just talking about straight up freedom, living like a man. ou feel me? No, of course, Nandu. It Yes, yes. We just ran into a few technical difficulties, so No, i understand. Now,if you just give us a little more time, then, um No, no, no. No.,no, don't. No, please don't get on the plane. No, i can You just cost me three-quarters of a billion dollars! Good. At least the day wasn't a total waste. I was gonna wait till i found Michael and just kill you in front of him, but instead i'm gonna take you out the same way you came in alone. You better be calling me to tell me you've got Scylla. Whoever you've sent after it is too late. Michael's giving Scylla back to the General in exchange for Sara's life. Who the hell is this? Alex Mahone. I don't believe we've had the pleasure of meeting. Oh, yeah. Alex Mahone. You calling to rub this in my face? Calling to see if you'll make me an offer. I can get Scylla for you, if you promise to give me what Michael can't. What's that? Protection for my family. If your people can get my wife away from whoever the General's got watching her, i'll get you Scylla. You can get me Scylla? Mahone you son of a bitch. I've got no particular love for Burrows. Sounds like the feeling's mutual. Yeah, but unlike his brother, the guy's always been straight with me. And he helped me track down the guy who murdered my son, and for that, i owe him. And you don't owe Michael? Not anymore. His choice, not mine. Tell you what. You give me Scylla, if Lincoln's still breathing, you can have him. I like that deal. Hickory dickory dock. Tell me,has Scofield ever run up your clock? Has he been man enough to go there? Or is he saving it up for the wedding day? Michael is more man than you can ever hope to be. How would you know what a man is like, huh? Of the two of us, i bet i've been with more of them. Look at you, all butted up frigid. Tell me, what does it take to loosen up a gal like you, huh? Music? Flowers? Touch? Where the fingers do the walking down to where only Stop it! Please. My, my. I do like a woman with manners. Michael,you better be calling me to tell me you're close. We're almost there. Good. But i've changed my mind. The exchange will be made at a location of my choosing. Forgive me, but i don't really trust you, except on unfamiliar territory. You bring Sara unharmed, and i'll meet you anywhere. Uh,there's an old parking lot where Pelican Drive meets the beach. Be there in 20 minutes. And i'm supposed to trust that you're just gonna let us live our lives, huh? Believe it or not,Michael, the last thing on Earth i want is to ever see you or any member of your family again. You stay out of my way, i'll stay out of yours. Bring me Scylla. All right. About earlier, i do think you're in it for yourself. Fortunately for me, that's meant you've also had my back. More than once. And for that, i'm grateful. Take the case. - Get out of here. - What about Pam? I got it handled. Good luck. Looks like your boyfriend straightened his priorities out. That's too bad. We were just starting to get familiar. Teddy, what are you doing? You said we were gonna bring her on the exchange. All i'm giving Scofield today is a slow death. So what are we gonna do with her? Whatever you like. Perhaps we've finally found a job for which you perfectly suit it. Mr. Mahone? I'm on my way. And Michael? I don't want to talk about Michael. Well,it seems Michael did a poor job choosing his friends. None of us choose this. This happened to us. The only thing we choose is how it ends. So just get your people in place to help my wife. How does that sound? One of our assets with the Bureau says that two agents are questioning Don Self at Miami Mission Hospital. And the attorney general just issued a proclamation for his immunity. You think he's a threat? Perhaps. Question is, to whom? Hello? Michael, it's Don Self. How's it going? Well, well, well. Thought you were dead. If i had a dollar every time i've said that about you. You sound funny, Don. What do you want? What do i want? You saw what that bastard did to my wife, right? I want revenge. Where are you,so we can hook back up? That's not necessary. This whole thing's about to be over anyway. What do you mean the whole thing? What's going on? Hello? Scofield's on a burner. They're harder to trace. We're gonna need more time. Well,he's gonna call back. He just gets a little riled up. - But he'll call back. - When? After he kills somebody? You heard this thing's about to be over. Lord knows what that means. Get him back on the phone, Agent Self, now. So this cat said that Scofield and Linc should recognize him when they see him. Recognize him from where? Look, i don't know, man. Look,we've been in a lot of messed up places. I'm just saying, it makes a difference. Besides, i mean, did he say what he was gonna do with Scylla if he gets it? All this guy said is that he couldn't go to the government, 'cause no one government should have that much power. Now, look, man, you want to ask him yourself, he's right there. He even give you a name? Said call him Paul. Sir. If anyone tries to escape, aerate them. Keep an eye out for anything suspicious. Scofield's a tunnel rat. You know i wasn't the only fox in the river to fall asleep at night dreaming about treasures was tucked beneath that white coat of yours. Every guy let their minds wander eenie, meenie, mynie, mo in between you and Nurse Katie, sometimes settling on the both of you. You digging that? All you old junkies like a little dirty talk. Let me see where those tracks are. I think i can, i think i can. If you let me go, i can tell the courts that you saved my life. Teddy,if you let me go, i can petition for leniency. I could tell them you saved my life. I still have connections from my father. You know, i was always thinking the way i was gonna get revenge on Scofield was to kill him. Just driving that knife right into his bleeding heart. And now, standing here looking at you, i'm thinking there's something worse than death for him. Please, no. I'll return you in one piece. But that piece gonna be a little used. That's all. And every time he looks at you every time he wants to be with you he's gonna see me. Nothing! We got to get back to the loft now. Hey,Michael,this is Don calling back again. Listen, i know you have a beef with me. All right? And i understand, but i think i have a way to get us all out of this. Okay, just please call me back. How many messages we going to leave this guy before we move on to plan B? Look, he's going to call back, okay? Excuse me,gentlemen, i need to check on the patient. Just take a few minutes. He's going to call back, okay? There's coffee down the hall. He's going to call back. Just be patient, okay? We're going to get him. How's it going, Doc? It's going well. Is this your first time with me? Huh? What is that? I know you, right? What Oh,yeah. Ooh, i bet you was a tomcat back when you was using, huh? See,nowadays,you like to look a fella in the eyes, but back then ..back then, oh back then, i bet the last thing you wanted to do was see who you was keeping company with. That's self worth for you. See, i've always felt that the partner you choose to be with is just a reflection of how you're really feeling about yourself in that moment. And i got to tell you, sister, right now, old eddy is feeling like a million bucks. Oh I'm going to be a gentleman about this. I'm going to let you choose. You tell me how you like, Sara? and i'm going to give you just what the doctor ordered. What,you got something to say? Just that while you and the other cons were taking care of yourselves Katie and i were going over your medical records trying to figure out how best to manage your care, figure out what makes you tick. The thing i remember about you, Theodore, nothing makes you tick. You can't tick. What exactly are you implying? That the reason you rape and kill and make pain is because you can't make love. You've got neurogenic ED, probably caused by injuries you sustained during your own childhood sexual abuse. That is a lie. That is a lie. Talk all you want about what you're going to do to me,Theodore. You and i both know there is very little you can actually do. All right. You are just going to take back every word you just said. You hear me? You hear me?! There's no reason to be ashamed of it, Teddy. So many men suffer from it. Shut up! I don't know what the moment you thought. You thinking i'm erectorally challenged or you thinking i'm going to let you break out of here. Hmm, let me think about that. I'm going to go with the first one. Now i'm going to show you just how functional i am. Michael! Please. It's all right. Come here. You all right? Get me out of here. Show me. Why don't you come inside, Alex? We have a lot to talk about. Before we do any business i'd like some proof that Pam is safe. We have an asset embedded in the Company operations room who was able to access the details of her location and the position of her bird-dog. That's great. That's not good enough. I need to know that she's in the clear. I'm ready to execute that order, but first, i need you to hand over Scylla. It's only a matter of time before the General realizes that i turned my back on him. And Michael. And when he does, he's going to want revenge. Go make the call. Alex. This isn't about threats. This isn't about games. This is about how people do business. I would be a fool if i gave you everything you want before i had some kind of guarantee that i'm going to get everything i want. You've been busy. Here it is. Where's the rest of it? All right. I've kept my end of the deal. Time for you to make good on yours. Make the call,please, and Linc and i will be on our way. Well,if it's okay with you, i'd like to check this out first, make sure everything works before anybody goes anywhere. Lock him up. What are you doing here? Saving your ass. I couldn't make that choice, Sara. I had to save you both. If there's something you need to do to protect Pam, you should do it. Alex. There may be some way we can save everyone. The bad news is my mother can read my every move. She says it's because she knows me. The good news is she doesn't know you. I knew the General would never honor his end of the arrangement. I knew I knew he'd never bring you to the exchange, so did what i had to do. How big an explosion are we talking about? Big enough to end all this, so we can maybe start something new. I mean, if that's what you're feeling. Come on,you got to get off the table. Come on. We got to get to the other side of the room. Over here. Slide down the wall. You ready to get the hell out of here? Yeah. There's something wrong. I'm not getting any kind of connection.   
                
