Greatness Achieved



                    			previously on Prison Break What do you want with Scylla? Same thing you want: bring down the Company. We need the pages. Are we partners? Partners. So your brother told me about your nosebleeds. I'm fine. You don't look fine. Sorry. Consider this a warning. Linc, pull back! It's a trap! You all right?! Damn, you're hit! All right, all right. You'll get your shot, now back off! This is an attempt on my card. How do you want to proceed? I want it moved. Move Scylla. Now! Now, tell the General you killed us. Otherwise, my hand, it ain't going to get tired. I just hope your mouth gets tired. That's funny. Come on, buddy, come on. Enough already, come on, Linc. Believe me now? Beating him isn't going to work, Lincoln. You tried your way. We want General Krantz to think Wyatt took us out. even if you do break him, it does call the general you don't think a trained military veteran is going to hear the fear in his voice? They're going to know he was coerced. yeah£¬well, i need more time with them I hear you, Linc, but he can't make the call if he's unconscious. However we do it, we better get what we need from Wyatt soon, because Mahone ain't going to wait. I'm trying to find the son of a bitch who killed my kid! Lisa, what are we looking at? Initial estimate is three days to complete the move of Scylla. Unacceptable. Respectfully, this is not as simple as unplugging a laptop and moving it to another room. The data on Scylla is too delicate. I don't want excuses. All I care is that it's done right and done right now. I understand the urgency, but it will take three days. And if I may speak freely, I think it's a mistake to move Scylla to the Raven Rock bunker when the Los Angeles facility is one of the most secure ones we have. The most secure location we have is the one they don't know about. Sir Still no word from Wyatt. He only uses the company-issued cell, so we can't track him. We have no way of confirming if he successfully completed his operation. Keep calling him! And draft a press release, photographs, criminal records, everything we have on Scofield, Burrows, all of them. Tell our friends in the media I want them to saturate the evening news and the morning papers. I want it impossible for them to walk down the streets of Los Angeles without being spotted. I assume we haven't made much progress with our friend over there? Any suggestions? How about we talk to him? Great, want to give him some milk and cookies while you're at it? No. How about just some nice conversation? So they sent florence nightingale To get me all ready to cooperate. Actually,I'm here to help you,despite what you've done. Because I'm still a doctor and you're a prisoner. You're going to save me? Don self has a metal case out there And I don't know what's in it. I imagine you don't want to find out, So I figure if you and I had a talk You'd make me see the light. If you don't call the general,you're as good as dead. I've already been a lot of things Worse than dead in my life,doctor. You better have more than that to threaten me with. Come on,mike,she's okay. He's a professional killer. Don't worry,he's locked up. Let's go. Come on,let's go! So what'd you do with roland's body? Roland? He's been,uh,reconfigured And given a permanent resting place. Good. take his bowling shirts And the rest of his crap with you when you leave. Come on linc,the guy died. He died a punk! he ratted us out,bellick. You guys,you deal with the matter at hand. Assuming these pages are correct, And there's no way of knowing that they actually are We follow this basement hallway through the boiler room to here. There's some kind of elevated walkway. We follow that to the end, And we've covered most of the distance Between gate and the company's headquarters. What's this thing at the end of the walkway? I don't know-- whistler marked it with an "x" So I'm thinking it's some kind of wall or serious impediment. That's why we're going down there prepared. Tools,thermal lances,sledgehammers Okay,so we get through that wall What's on the other side? Again,I don't know. It's because gretchen has the rest of the pages. But once we're through this location, We can't go any further until she gives them back. What's her game in all this? I mean,if she wants the company to go down, She should just give us the pages. Look,we're going to deal with gretchen When the time is right,okay? You guys need To go to gate and get started. I'm going to stay here with wyatt And make sure we get what we need. No more dawdlin' now. Move your ass. High gear,gentlemen,high gear. My boss will be here any minute. I assume I don't have to mention that discretion is paramount. In other words,silence is golden. You just make sure you stay in your office And you keep other people out. Oh,I'll stay in my nice, Air-conditioned office,pretty. And you can crawl down into your little hole now. go Go ahead,crawl. Vamonos. Cole? what the hell is going on here? Mr. white,are you back already? How are you? Fine,until I found a resignation fax Waiting for me from andrew blauner. A resignation? Yeah,I can't get him on the phone, I reached out to his fiance, She hasn't seen or heard from him. She's worried sick. He's probably on a bit of a bender, Just sleeping it off somewhere. Blauner? he's a boy scout. None of this makes any sense,cole. But I'll tell you what, I'm going to look into it. Let me know if I can be of any assistance. Good morning. Assistance What is that sound? I hope you're having A lovely enjoyable morning, Because while you are nowhere to be found, There is sleuthing going on here Regarding the whereabouts of one mr. andrew blauner. And? And if I'm going down for this little homicide, I ain't going alone. We're going together like traffic and weather. Relax, okay? They'll never find the body where I put it. Now, where are scofield and burrows? Just doing their end of the bargain. Which begs the question, what the hell are you doing? Me? I'm getting ready for a meeting. So, your friends have been calling a lot. They must be wondering where you are. That's right. They're wondering, and the longer they do, The more danger you're in. Call the general, and say what they want you to say. And what? you'll let me go? No, but don self will make sure That you spend the rest of your life In a decent facility without the death penalty. Either way, If I make the call or not, I'm dead. You know that. And we both know that you, as a doctor, Won't let that happen. So, please, Let's you and I figure a way Out of this mess that works for everybody. Sit your ass down! get out of my way! Out! out! I will cuff your ass to that table, okay? All right, I know this is hard. And I know what you want to do. Okay, but I'm trying to do something here And you need to deal with that reality. Have you lost a kid? Yeah, I did, too. My wife was pregnant. And there were complications and the doctor messed up. And she And they both They didn't make it. Okay? so I understand. What would you do if you were me And that doctor was right there? it's right What would you do? I don't know what I would do. Look, I'm giving you my word. When the time is right, I won't stand in your way. When the time is right I won't let you. Okay. okay. Did you see the way mahone was looking at wyatt? The guy is hurting. It was more than just hurting, that's pain. I never cared about anything like that. I look at what I've done with my life, Beating on cons at fox river, chasing money, Trying to keep my own ass out of prison. This the pathway you talking about? According to the map, This runs almost the length of that courtyard. It should put us directly beneath company headquarters. Shh, listen. There it is again. What's that noise, scofield? I don't know. Okay, just so we're clear, we get to go up that ladder Towards the noise that we don't know what it is. But if we're lucky, we get to basically just Walk smack into the company? Sounds about right. You up for it? Oh, yeah, after you. I am no different than that man Over there who wants to kill me. Alexander mahone was forced to do things by the company, And so was i. But I know people. People in government. People that can help you and michael. I can give you a phone number. Arrangements can be made. All you have to do is trust me And this will all be over. It is over. Has, um, white had anything new to say about blauner? No, but he might. Mr. pfeiffer? That would be moi. Detective conor mara. I was hoping I could talk to you about andrew blauner. Of course. Great. It's down this way. This is it! This is where the sound was coming from. One of the main conduit pipes for the la water supply. Every second. oh, great. There's got to be some other way to get around it, Some other pathway or something. No, we took the only pathway down And it leads right here. How about over it? We can't risk tunneling too close to the surface. What do we do? We dig. Truth be told, uh, Mr. blauner isn't officially a missing person, But his fiance has a cousin at the mayor's office So, here we are. Here we are. Hey, that's not to say though that there Aren't some things that concern me. Really? such as? Well, the fax that came into white's office Came from a copy shop, But blauner had a fax machine at his house. Okay. And about a half hour after he resigned, His car was seen leaving the gate garage. Now, the driver couldn't be identified, But it appeared as though a woman's hands Were seen gripping the steering wheel. Let me stop you right there. It always seemed to me that mr. blauner was, How can I put this delicately, Um, a swordsman. You know what I mean? Actually, I don't. He might be dipping his snout into a different trough, And the fiance is none the wiser. From what I've, uh, heard about him from his other co-workers, That doesn't sound too likely. If you don't mind me asking, what is that banging noise? That's, uh It's trouble with the pipes. You know, they loosened up, it was a moderate quake And now they shake more than the trembler itself. Mr. pfeiffer, uh, some people here Have told me that you and blauner didn't get along. Would you mind talking to me a little bit about that? A few years ago, a partner of mine did this same move Against an enemy combatant we picked up At the new mexico border-- this guy didn't want to talk, He didn't know anything. It worked then, it should work now. Is that ambulance you got us still out back? Hey, come on, pal, I got almost a decade on you And you don't see me sucking air. I got shot, brad. Guys, we ain't making any progress here. There's nothing beneath this cement but granite. We couldn't get through it with a jackhammer. Maybe we should go back to the warehouse, Find another way. There is no other way. this is it! This is where the plans lead; this is our way to scylla. What? We got millions of gallons of water in this drain pipe. We can't go under it, we can't go over it. I know. maybe we can go through it It's loose! All right, linc, this ought to do it. After I'm done, how much time we got? Not a lot. Be careful. You, too. When I was a little boy, I had an old tomcat named rufus. He was a good mouser. Tough as nails, solid feline all around. One day, I bring home this little kitty From a giveaway box outside the pic 'n save. Old rufus didn't like that one bit. He arched his back, hissed like a rattlesnake And sprang out his claws like a switchblade. You know, That new little kitty didn't do nothing wrong But be new. Now, that's all I did. I was being new, and blauner was being This old tomcat spraying his territory. Now, I don't hold that against him. If he didn't protect his turf I'd question his character. But aside from a little jealousy on his part, Our issues were as thin as tissues. I assure you that. Detective, I pulled blauner's travel schedule As per your request. thank you. Uh, what's this? Uh, sir, uh, we need to step out For a few more bracket-joints for the shelving. Uh, all right, yeah. But I ain't paying you to stop for, uh, A coffee and donuts, so get back here toot sweet. Hey, wait up, manuel. I hired some men, uh, out of my own pocket of course, To, uh, add some built-in uh, Uh, storage in my closet-- I hope you don't mind. Here's the monthly breakdown of where he traveled You're gonna talk to me now? Me? no. We're done talking But you're not. They are all dead. it's over. This will all be over. This will all be over. It's over. They are dead. they are all dead. It's over. I'm going to take this. Self Can you take a walk? Come on, sara, we should go. Let's go outside. My son's autopsy report said that he'd That he'd been shot twice. Once in the stomach Why, man? Why?! just to terrify my wife?! And then a full five minutes later, Right in the You too will suffer. And when And when you can't stand the pain anymore, You'll make a phone call for me. You know, scofield said that torture wouldn't work Because the general would hear the fear in your voice. But the thing is i want the person on the other end Of my call to hear the fear In your voice. Press release, sir. In short, it sets forth that members Of the fox river eight and their accomplices Are alive and well in los angeles. Where have you been? They are all dead. It's over. good work. Your payment will be left where we arranged. This is no longer necessary. Go ahead. The access code To the covert entrance Is still both your daughters' birthdays. Everyone leave us alone. I said Everyone leave us alone. It's okay. She won't hurt me. Lisa I knew you'd come home. So, how are you holding up, you know, Not being with lj and all? Good, he's a smart kid. he can look after himself. I can see it, how much you love him. My dad died when I was a little kid. But he was a good father. Let's just focus and get this thing done, all right? Michael said the manual override Should be somewhere near the main conduit. This look like the main conduit to you? One way to find out. That look like it to you? Looks like it. Fire it up. All right, let's get out of here. Hurry up, bro! Almost done, buddy. All right, ease it back. It worked. How long we got? I don't know. Water cut off to thousands of people. The city will probably have that taken care of in about an hour, Which means we've got 60 minutes To do 90 minutes worth of work. Or we don't get to scylla. What's wrong, papi? Mike. Michael! michael! What's wrong, papi?! Papi, talk to me! What's wrong?! talk to me! Michael! Michael, what's wrong?! Michael You want some water? I'm okay. You're alot of things right now, my friend, And okay ain't one of them. You know, I may not be the smartest guy, But I hear things. Sara and your brother Have been talking about you not feeling well or something. Look, I'm just, I'm just saying. I need your help. So, please, just, uh cover for me. You got it. Truth is, gretchen, I know you better than you know yourself. So you keep telling me. When I first met you, you were a 20 year old girl Who'd just been dumped by the wheeling police academy For failing her psych evaluation. But where those good old west virginia boys Could only see an emotional disconnect With traces of sociopathic tendencies, I saw a machiavellian streak That would make failure an impossibility. I had to let wyatt do what he did Because I needed to know what my little bulldog may have known About whistler and his plans for scylla. I told you that I knew nothing. You should have believed me. I knew you'd never take it personally, Because you are, and have been Ever since I took you under my wing my girl. My girl. The most sensitive nerve endings are right here. That's why acupuncturists avoid placing needles Anywhere near them because opening up The nerve endings in the fingertip-- Even a little pinprick-- Can result in quite a painful hot flash. So a five inch needle Being driven up the length of the finger can make your insides feel like they're on fire. Another fact of physiology, The human body when in extreme duress begins to shut down. Brain activity decreases and your heart rate slows Until you just can't feel the pain anymore. And that's where the heart monitor and the battery come in. 'cause when your heart rate dips below 50, That battery will give you a wake-up call, Preventing your body from shutting down. And then you will feel every ounce Of the pain. And that's when you're going to beg me to make the phone call. What can I do you for? I I found some more inconsistencies In your sales reports. Listen up here. From that little computer of yours, Can you access into gate's records? If I access the network as an administrator, I can see the files in a non-pdf format. I don't know what that means, but I assume it was a yes. So you let your fingers do the walking across that keyboard And you get me my sales records. You are hurting my arm. And don't make me hurt any more of you. Now, go. That's good work. Here. I need you to measure this hole. And then make one of the same size in the wall opposite. How? You got a belt? We have less than 30 minutes Until this pipe is flooded with water again. Acceptance is important, wyatt. I had to accept that my son is gone. And you have to accept that your life, Your very, very short life-span ahead of you Is just going to be filled with agonizing pain. At least until you do what I've asked of you. And then Then the pain will go away. We're running out of time! Aw, man. what's wrong? The stupid thing is empty! All right. i'm coming in You can't do this, bro. Just finish it. It's me. What's going on? Somebody needs to tell you something. You call her by her first name. Pam I'm sorry. It's over. And I love you. I love you. This thing is heavy! Sure, show up when all the hard work is done. All right, ease it back. We heard on the radio That dwp is going to have the water running in 10 minutes. You all right? The sleeve is too heavy To just slide it through the pipe. Two of us are going to have to go inside And guide it through that other hole. That pipe can flood at any time. I'll do it. I'll go, too. No, I'll go. Oh, no offense, college boy, But this sucker's heavy. You're going to need a little bulk down there. All right. Use this to brace the sleeve When you pull it through to the other side. And, uh Let's get the hell out of there, all right? How's emmy? I didn't come here to listen to you Pretend to care about her Or me. I came here to tell you that I'm a free agent now. The community we run with know that I'm alive and available. I can just as easily work for one of them as I can for you. So the question is, what's your offer? Actually, the question for you is Why would you want to go anywhere else? It's not a time for grudges, gretchen. It's a time for coming together. The salad days are fast approaching. Laos worked perfectly. Soon the populace will turn to us-- The leaders of the military, Finance and energy-- to right the ship. And then We'll rebuild this country in our own image. And when we do, I want you there beside me, gretchen. As my number two, like I always promised. What about lisa? I've already told you. You're my girl. Come on. Over there. Right up there. You and I are the same, Alex. I've done things Push! Keep going, keep going! Keep going! keep going! Yeah, it's good right there. You got it? That's it. I don't know how long that's going to hold. All we got to do is pull this thing through. Oh, my god. come on, guys, push! Oh! it broke! it broke! Mr. white I'm sorry to bother you, but, uh, after my talk With detective mara, I was thinking about mr. blauner And some of the conversations we had. Salesmen are a lot like fishermen, right? Always bragging about their big catch. Well, andy never talked about his sales, No matter how much I pried. So I took the liberty of looking them up. And there were, to say the least Irregularities. T-bag good afternoon to you, too, andy. Two of your top buyers don't have valid Social security numbers. I checked out the social security numbers Of the clients he allegedly sold gate workshops to. In some cases the numbers are just pure fabrications. But the checks must've cleared. He's must've been money laundering for god only knows What kind of criminal exploits. The point is If the good officer gets his hands on these papers, you know You're going to be up to your eyeballs in irs auditors. I suggest you go tell mr. mara That you found some irregularities In blauner's expenses. Writing off personal matters, et cetera. This will explain why he disappeared And will placate the po-po. Okay. Listen, detective Pick it up! pick it up! I can't, it's too heavy! The brace must have snapped. Let's try and get it up! It's not moving! The water's coming. The water's coming! come on! We got to leave it there. But then we'll never get scylla. We don't have a choice. You don't, I do. What the hell are you doing?! What the hell are you doing?! Brad, don't do this! brad! Grab it, grab it, now! The water's coming! Get your ass up here, now! Come on, come on! You hear that? They're flooding the pipe. Linc! get out of there! It's too loud, he can't hear you! Linc! Come on, man, there's still enough room For you to get through the hole. I let go of this you could drop it. It's too heavy! Brad, drop the sleeve And get out of there! Don't do this. You have a son! Don't do this. don't do this! Push it! push it, scofield! come on, push it through Push! Push it! Push it! push it! Brad! brad, no! Brad, no! Brad! brad! Brad, no! Brad! brad! You can all come back in now. Everything's fine. It always was. You're okay? Couldn't be better. more important What's happening with scylla? I'll tell you in private. You can tell me in front of gretchen. Not until I say something else. If you ever come near him with a gun again You'll what? That will do. Scylla. We got preliminary safeguards in place Faster than we expected. We could move scylla tomorrow if we wanted, But now that wyatt's eliminated scofield and burrows, There's no need. Scofield and burrows are dead? Dead as latin. Go ahead with the plan. If a couple of boys from illinois Could get that close, it's time to mix things up. I want scylla out of los angeles by the end of the day tomorrow. He wouldn't climb up. He just wouldn't climb up. Where does the south pipe lead to? Maybe we can follow no.   
                
