Shut Down



                    			Previously on Prison Break I'm giving you an opportunity to avoid 15 years in jail. In exchange for? Scylla. Theses are gps ankle monitors. I am your boss. And if I ask you to put on a monitor you put on a monitor. This data card-- th-this 'scylla' to a Company executive. And his job was to-to protect it. When this is all Done. you and me, we're gonna settle up. I'm looking for Alex. Mum. We're Done talking hey! you Don't want to go in there. You Don't want to go in there. where are Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows I swear to you, i-i have no idea where they are. What's wrong? Whatever it is, it ain't it. If-if Scylla was like a pizza, all we got's a slice. So Scylla isn't one card, it's six. Hey! What'd you pull us into? Excuse me? You figured you'd get us on the hook, So we could find out for ourselves How screwed this whole thing was! What the hell exactly are you talking about? The card, agent Self! I'm talking about the card! It's useless! Wait, wait, hold on. You already got the card? Yes, but without the other five cards, it means nothing! And I can only assume you knew that! What other five? Don't. What other five? Roland downloaded the card. There's no Company data on the card. Without the other five cards, it's unreadable. It's like one-sixth of the puzzle, But that's not my problem, Because we had a deal, and we gave you Exactly what you asked for. No, you didn't! No, you didn't! We had a deal for you to get me Scylla, And you haven't gotten me that, have you? You gave me your word. And I'm giving you my word again-- you will go Back to prison if you can't get me those other five cards. But if you're telling me you can't get this Done, Just let me know right now, and we'll get your cell ready. I'll get it Done. There's one more thing. So what'd he say? We got to find the other cards. Screw that, man. We got the card. Let's do the second step, The break-in thing, and end all this. It doesn't work that way now. It's not fair. We did what he said. Then call agent Self, Tell him you want to go back to Fox River. Hell, we're all going to prison If we can't find the other cards. When the government gets scared, They tend to cut the cord. Did Self talk about shutting us down? Let's just concentrate on finding Scylla, all right? Alex. Where's he going? Who cares? How are we gonna find Scylla? We Don't even know Where to start. Where's the rest of the stuff you found? Still printing it up. When my device was In Tuxhorn's house it must've been left next to his pda. Sucked up all the data from it and got e-mails and photos. You see anything we can use? No, and let me be crystal clear I point and click. That's it, other than that, I'm off the clock. Shut up. Wait a minute. Where's his calendar? Dr. Feelgood's got it. Here, um, take a look at this. This is today's date. There's absolutely nothing on it but a star. Every other date, Tuxhorn has details for his appointments And meetings-- who he's with, when and where. This is the only thing with nothing on it. Must be a reason he's keeping that secret. Why are we letting this Self guy call all the shots? Maybe we should play some hardball. No. Either help out or get out. If you open your mouth, I expect you to offer up a solution. Hello? Do you know who this is? Yeah. Where are you being held? I'm not in prison. Where are you? I can't say. I need you to get something to me, In l.A. Alex It's nothing dangerous. Please, i-i I Don't know how much more Time I have here. Look Don't ask me to do something You just need To reach out to the residential agency in durango. Alex, no. Do you know what they did? They killed my son. They killed my boy. I Don't know what to say. Just say that you'll help me. Please? I just need your help. I need to find out who did it. Please. So listen, I know in Fox River You had to keep secrets from me. You Don't now. What's going on? Self said we have until the end of the day To find the next cardholder. Or we all go back to prison. I know that you bailed out Scofield and Burrows. And I know they aren't In a supermax in texas. But you know where they are. Don't you, Bruce? You Don't want any more trouble than you're already in. I'm not the one in trouble. Let me help you relax. It's a beautiful day. The sun is shining. Do you feel that gentle breeze? It's a great day For a family picnic. Don't you think so, Bruce? Six cards? That's not what you sold me, Don. I realize it's more than we anticipated More than you anticipated! I already have people questioning me About the supermax line we're Selling. This whole thing was a mistake. No! No, this wasn't a mistake. Scofield got us a card within 24 hours Of being dropped in los angeles. He knows what he's doing. Look, I'm willing to take The risk and do my job. I Don't understand why you aren't. I've been in homeland security since before it even had a name! Since before you even had a single short and curly Then you should know what's at stake here, director. We could stop it, but not-- not if you end this now. I'm calling senator Dallo now. I will see if he wants this thing killed or not. But he follows my recommendations, Don. "sir, changed your late london arrival, Now 7/16 at 4:00 p.M." Today's the 16th, But there nothing about london in his calendar, is there? Not that we've seen, no. Nothing about travel to or from the uk at all? No, nothing. Now, why would he get an e-mail About an arrival in london when he has No business scheduled there? Probably because the e-mail Is a code. Alex, I'm so glad you joined us. I think we can assume that Tuxhorn did not schedule A meeting with himself, so that Is where we're going to find our next cardholder. Okay, so 4:00 p.M. Is our when, we need a where. If you were having a secret meeting, You wouldn't send all the information together. You'd send the where and the when Separately as a precaution. Were any other e-mails sent to Tuxhorn At the same Time as the london e-mail? Within a few seconds of the london mail, two more e-mails Followed from the same ip path, but that's when my device Ran out of hard drive space. It picked up the ip address, But not the content. Trace the ip address And find out who sent these e-mails. Oh, look, e-mails get bounced To routers all over the world Before they end in your inbox. Wherever the mail's been, It leaves a shadow file. Based on the geography, I'm guessing these e-mails Probably squatted at the Anaheim Server cluster a nanosecond before reaching Tuxhorn. So that's where you're going to find your shadow file. So get it. Not every geek with a commodore 64 Can ha into nasa. I mean, these servers Have more firewalls than the devil's bedroom. You want those e-mails, I'm sorry. It's on a main server in Anaheim. It is possible to find those e-mails at that server? Technologically possible, yeah. Then we're going to Anaheim. I want you two to go to Tuxhorn's workplace. Stake it out-- if you see him, tail him, call us. You think you're just going to walk up To a main server? You know there's going To be security, right? We Don't have a choice. We have to find that e-mail message. We can find out where the meeting is. Find out where the meeting is, we find our next cardholder. Got it? We stay out of jail. Yeah, well, good luck, man. Actually, you're coming with us. Guess again. Self told me to sit here And make with the clickety-clack on the keyboard. I'm not going nowhere. Oh yeah, you are. Hello? "instahomes welcomes you home To your furnished apartment." Why must you go after this man? Where I come from, there's something called a blood feud. You're coming back, right? Michael Scofield left me for dead one too many Times. Good news, Bruce. Your favorite aunt made it to the picnic. She brought lemonade. The little cousins are Swimming in the pond. Brothers and sisters are Playing catch in a lush, Green field. Everyone is here. Well, almost everyone. Two very important people Are missing. Where are Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows? I Don't know. That's okay, Bruce. I'm sure you'll remember soon. Just enjoy the picnic. Hi, uh, my name is Stephanie Reed. I'm here for a job interview with human resources. Okay, then. Sorry, your name's not in the system. Um, would you look again under r-e-e-d? Sure. You know, she should drop a few buttons on that shirt. The guard will give her the e-mails. Great. Yes. You're in Anaheim, Michael? This is a strange Time to be taking a trip to disney. Listen to me, I promise you, if you're trying to run I'm trying to get you Another card. From where? Tomorrowland? From an e-mail on a main router. We think there's a Scylla meeting this afternoon at 4:00. Where? Hopefully that information Will be on the e-mail. Michael, we're running out of Time. Then stop wasting mine. I got to go, I got to go. Did you talk to senator Dallo? Yes, I did, and now I need to talk to you. I'm shutting it down. Sorry, ma'am, I Don't have you down for any meeting today. Okay, um The, uh, the temp agency said That they were going to set the interview. Again, I'm sorry. Okay. It was really hard to get a sitter today. Would you be willing just to call human resources and see If they'll see me since I'm here? Sure. Hey, it's Tim at the front desk. Yeah, I've got a Stephanie Reed. She said she had a job interview. Stephanie reed, r-e-e-d. She just passed it off to Michael. Server room could be anywhere in here. Network and wiring specifications require A server that's on the first floor, Centrally located, like right there. What are you-- an engineer or something? Are you sure you know how to drive this thing? Yeah, but it's going to take a while And I Don't want to get busted. Just relax and find those e-mails. Listen, man, when I steal, I do it from my home, in my boxers, Eating a bowl of krispity krunch, okay? No chance of being seen, no chance of getting caught. Just get it Done. Okay. All right. Come on, Michael, come on. Hey, lady. Did you get what I need? Yeah, I got it. Thank you. I know what you're planning, Alex, But listen to me. If you do track him down, call me. Don't do something that could get you hurt. I won't. So the material will be where you asked by 5:00 p.M. And Alex I'm so sorry. Good-bye, Lang. I'm sorry, they can't see you today, And there's nothing more I can do. Okay. Thank you for your help, I appreciate it. Uh, what was the name Of the temp agency that sent you? Uh, maybe we can Call them together and Figure this all out. I have it written down in my car. Where the hell's my security badge, sweetheart? It ain't at my station. It was there when you showed up. Take your hands off me. I Don't have your badge. I Don't have your badge. Yeah, well, we'll see about that. Sara's in trouble. What's going on? She's been made. Michael, Sara's been made. Is she all right? The guard has her; you got To get out of there now. Roland, I'll be back. Where are you going? Just keep working. Like I said, sir, I Don't have your badge. Excuse me, I need to leave. You can tell your story to the cops, sister. Don't move. What the hell? Roland, talk to me. We're almost there, almost there. We got to go. We got to go now. Got it! Why won't the door open? What the hell is that? It's a fail-safe device, activated When the alarm gets pulled, To protect the server from fire damage. Then why the hell did you pull it? This is an old building. It shouldn't have such an advanced system. Oh, yeah? Well, clearly it does. Wha-wha-what's it do? To kill the fire It sucks all the oxygen out of this room. Michael, where the hell are you? It's getting crowded out here. Linc, Linc, we're trapped. What? We're in the server room. What? It's sealed. They're sucking all the oxygen out. We've got Two, maybe three minutes of air left. Linc? Linc? I can't breathe. I can't breathe. Calm down. You panic, it gets worse. Come on. Let's go. You think we're spinning our wheels? No, we ain't got no choice. We got to wait and see if he shows up. I'm not talking about finding Tuxhorn. I'm talking about finding the cards. I'm talking about finding six cards, And I'm talking about whether we have A snowball's chance in haiti of actually doing this deed. Better than no chance. Just saying we're a couple hours from mexico And I wouldn't mind having someone with me Who could actually speak the native tongue. Just do your job, Brad. You feeling good, Bruce? You look great. Your father, Josh, Is so happy you made it to the family reunion picnic. He's missed you very much. My father is dead. That's right. He is. You see that, Bruce? You just told me the truth in response to something I said Because lying is so hard right now But telling the truth is so easy. So tell me the truth. Tell me what everyone at the picnic wants to know. Where are Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows? I, I Don-- I Don't know. Bruce. A bad storm's coming. A real bad storm. Don Self. Good. So, so the senator did get my message? No, no, I'm sorry, tomorrow's too late. Okay, i-i-i need to speak to him now. Thank you Thank you. Agent Self, it's Time to go. Pappa paul's pizza palace. Yeah, I'd like a large With extra pepperoni and extra cheese. The knobbit. Add momma to the train. Amateur screen tests #9. And we have a winner. Thank you for calling Gate. How may I help you? The first e-mail is an ad for discretia. An e-mail for pecker pills? You want the number? That's great. Definitely worth almost losing my life for. Second e-mail's an invitation To join some kind of stargazers' club. You know, constellations can be used to track points on earth. There is a website that can let you know coordinates Of star patterns, and depending on the date, It'll pick a corresponding location on earth. And you know this because? Because my son and My ex and And I used to go On this site, so they could look Up at the sky and know where I was. That's not it-- that constellation's over antarctica. He's not going to get there today by 4:00 p.M., Not from l.A. So, I almost died for nothing. That's good to know. A lot of people have died. Well, that's their problem, okay, Because anyone who gives up their life for this crap Is a sucker, 'cause you guys can't win! Say it about the people who died. Say it. Say it. Alex. Get up. Get back on your nerd box and do your job. We can get a little place by the water, And you'd be better off Not being on the run by yourself, either. I vouched for you, Bellick. I told Michael, "brad helped me get to chicago. He's a good guy, trust him." Are you crazy? And now you just want to run When we have a chance to clear our names? Odds of that Don't look so good. Tank's full, gas pedal's on the right, I say we get the hell out of dodge Right now-- we can worry about the ankle bracelets Once we get over the border. You listen to me. There's only one thing I'm thinking about. She weighs seven pounds, has her mother's eyes And my heart in the palm of her tiny hands, So if I have to find one card Or six cards Or six million cards, I'm going to do whatever it takes 'cause I only got to hold my baby girl for ten seconds, And that wasn't nearly long enough. What are you doing? This guy ain't showing up. Hey, get your hands where we can see them! Get your hands up! Oh, my god, this ain't good. I got them up, I got them up! Put your hands up, Sucre, come on, man. Who you calling? Hold on. Come on, put your hands up! Okay, okay, Don't shoot, Don't shoot. Don't shoot, man, we're all right. Computer's frozen. What do you mean, it's frozen? I-i Don't know. It's just not responding. I've rebooted twice now. It's still not letting me on. Try again. Look, I've tried a stop route, a jock program, Even a back-door entry-- I mean, you were in prison, I'm sure you're familiar with that one. You want to stop breathing? What happened? They locked me out. I'm telling you, They're shutting us down. We gotta go. They're coming after us. Whoa. We gotta go, let's go, come on. Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute, we run, they shoot us! Stay. Sara? Yeah. Let's go, we gotta go. You said we'd have until the end of today. No, this goes way over my head. Look, this project's been terminated. Now pull over and end this. We can finish the job. There is no more job, okay? If you make this takedown public, going back to prison Is going to be the least of your worries. Lose him. Stay on him, stay on him. Let's go, let's go! It's this way-- go! Go, go, go! Thank you for calling Gate. How may I help you? Yes, hi, my name is Cole Pfeiffer. Uh, I'm calling about my, uh, commencement bonus. I haven't received it yet, and, uh Oh, of course, mr. Pfeiffer. Um, mr. White is out right now, But he's going to be so upset he missed your call. Here, let me try to track him down. Oh, no, no, Don't bother. Uh, maybe you just could, uh, uh, forward the check to me. No, mr. White has to sign off on any checks, And I know that he really wants to talk to you, So can I have him reach you At the number that came up on my i.D.? Looking forward to it. Why the hell did you tell Self That we could get a cardholder by today? He set the terms, Alex! I didn't have a choice! And now none of us have a choice. And I am not going back to prison. And I still have things that I need Not going back. Go ahead and run! Guys, stop. We ain't running anywhere With these things on our ankles, all right? It's over here. It's this way. Wait a minute. Wait a second. The signal The signal's gone. The signal is gone. Where are they? Okay, we gotta go looking for them. We cannot stay here forever. They will eventually figure this out. I Don't care if this place blocks the signal or not. Mike, what the hell are you doing, man? We Don't have Time for this. The answers are in here, they have to be. If I can just find them, we might have a chance. It's an ad-- the words Don't make sense. It's gibberish. Exactly, and that's what Makes them ideal for hiding data. Forget about the damn cardholder. Self pulled the plug on us. Are you okay? Yeah, yeah. We're going to figure this out. We're getting good at pulling off the impossible. Hell, I came back from the dead, right? What is it? What do you see? They go over each other. Power plant. New beach. There's a power plant in Newport beach. That's your meeting. We ain't got long until 4:00. How the hell are we going to get out of here? How fast can you run? Is that signal? Yeah, they're heading west. Four blocks. Go! Move, damn it. What? Get out of the cab. What the hell do you think you're doing? Hello? Cole Pfeiffer, Gregory White here. Oh, sorry To disturb you, sir, I was just calling About the, uh The bonus stipend. Bother me? What are you talking about, son? I'm just thrilled to finally be able To put a voice to the e-mail, and better yet, I'm going to be able to put a face to the voice. Right Because we haven't met yet. Yes, and that is a crime, my friend. I gotta tell you, there are a lot of people over here At Gate who are very excited about meeting you, But I'm going off to oahu tomorrow with my wife. I'd love to see you Before I go, so why Don't you come to Gate First thing in the morning? I think we can all learn something From the number one salesman in the entire northeast region. Well, it It's what Gate teaches. "you can unshackle others With the keys of knowledge." It It I It's what I'm here to share, It's what I know, it's what I want to give back. See, that's why I started this Company, So that people can avoid "the captivity of negativity." Amen to that, mr. White. Now I gotta go, I've got a lunch, But I'll see you at Gate first thing tomorrow, And I'll set your office up, Get you in the payroll system, and I will personally hand you Your bonus check. Well, I'll see you at Gate tomorrow, then. Grab a bat, Cole Pfeiffer. Coach just put you in the game. Strange place for a meeting. A little cloak-and-dagger, Don't you think? Belts and suspenders, Stuart, belts and suspenders. Why Laos? A doctor doesn't perform his first dissection On a human cadaver. First, he learns on a frog, then a pig, Then one day, a human. Laos is our frog. Perhaps Denmark or Chad will be our pig. After that, anything we want can be our cadaver. All right, let's check on the other side Of the complex; they could be meeting there. Run! Don't move, Burrows. Don't you move an inch. I'm taking you down. Don't move. Do not move an inch. Hold! Stop! Go. Are you sure about this. Yeah, go. Freeze. Don't move. Hands up. Keep your hands where I can see 'em. Aah! Come on. Stop! Hold it! Hands up. Hold it. Let's see your hands. Get him up. Scofield ran. Won't take long to find him. You're just delaying the inevitable. What's inevitable is a meeting with Scylla. Shut up! Put him in the car. Listen. We went through Tuxhorn's pda. They got a meeting on the other side of that building. It's over. It's not over. It's over, Lincoln, okay? I know you wanted this to work out, But it's beyond me now. Okay, it's Done. I have orders. It's over. It's-it's not. It's finished! So, when exactly does the op-order commence, general? It already has. No. I mean, when do we see ramifications? I'll tell you what, Stuart. You worry about the gigahertz and the offshore drilling. Let me worry about the op-orders. Oh. There they come. What about her? Let her go. Hey, hey, real group of winners You hooked me up with Here, Donnie. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. Look, man, we both have worn the badge in our day. I-i can't survive any more Time in lock-up. Can-can we please work something out? No. You can work your ass into this van. Get in. Congratulations. Company wins. Come on, get in. What? Get in. You got to be kidding me. It's Michael. Easy. Gave you a good enough head start. Should have took advantage of it. Yeah, but then I wouldn't have been able to give you this. Press the video function. It wasn't a meeting Between two Scylla cardholders, agent Self. It was a meeting Between all six cardholders. So now we know who has the other five cards, And that should mean something, Even to someone whose word means nothing. I'm gonna call senator Dallo now. But he follows my recommendations, Don. The next Time you run from me, I'm not gonna be chasing you down in a car. It's gonna be with a bullet in your back. Let 'em go. All of 'em. Come on. Let 'em go. Put 'em in the warehouse. All of 'em. Come on Yeah, it's Don Self. I need to talk to him right now. Right now. Some day soon, we're gonna drop that lifeboat of yours In the water and disappear forever. I promise. Hey, where's mr. Personality going? They check his wrists? 'cause he must Let him be. Insubordination's tiring, huh? Where the hell do you get off calling senator Dallo directly? You Don't move into my city, Into my regional office and go over my head! What do you want from me? You know how it works, Herb. You think when the Company's breathing down your neck, Senator Dallo's gonna bring in the cavalry? He'll pretend he's never even heard of you. You're on your own from now on, Self. You're an island. If I'm an island, what are you doing here? Get out of my office and let me finish what I started. When you do get buried, I'll be the first one there with a shovel. Great. See you then. Sara Tancredi's Somewhere safe, isn't she, Bruce? You would have made sure of that, wouldn't you? So tell me, where is Sara? Help me get your family to Sara, Where it's safe. Safe. Los angeles? Where in los angeles? I Don't know. I Don't know. I believe you. Good job. Picnic's over, Bruce. What's up with Mahone? They murdered his son. The Company killed his son like Like they tried to kill lj. Alex, i, uh Uh, i-i know what happened. I'm sorry. They did this To get to me, To flush me out. And then they let my ex-wife Stay alive Just so she could tell me that she was next If If I didn't turn myself in. Now she's in protective custody, And I'm living in a warehouse trying to find The son of a bitch who killed my kid. We're all here for something. All of us are here for something. You need to stay focused until this is Done. I can do my job. I promise. Good. And I promise I'll do whatever it takes To help you find the person that killed your son And the people behind the hit. We're gonna get these guys, Alex. I'm gonna help you.   
                
