The Final Break (1)



                    			You ready? Didn't think I'd be this nervous. Now or never. Alright, papi, let's do this. He's over there. You must be Michael. Your friend, Fernando, tells me you could use my services today. Very much so. And I assume that's the other half of your team? You look beautiful. Thank you. And it's my understanding you'd like to keep this simple? We've never actually managed to keep anything simple You could try. Well. Let's begin then, shall we? Family and friends, we gather here to celebrate the union between Michael Scofield and Sara Tancredi. - Sorry to break up the party. - What the hell's going on? We have an arrest warrant. - What? - Wait, wait, wait. We talked to Agent Paul Kellerman in D.C. We've settled this with the feds. We settled this with the feds weeks ago! Sir, back up! - We were exonerated. - Sir - We were exonerated! - Back up! We're not here for you. We're here for her. She didn't do anything. She wasn't involved. Don't make this escalate! Sara Tancredi, you're under arrest for the murder of Christina Hampton. What?! She didn't kill anyone! Funny. Surveillance camera footage says different. Michael. - Please, right this way. - Michael. - Second car, please. - Michael! - Second car. - What's going on? Back up, please. S04E23: The Old Ball And Chain They're not gonna let me see her. Why did Kellerman send you if you can't do anything? They're trying to break both of you. Look, she has a constitutional right to reasonable visitation. I'll draw up an order to show cause and get it before the judge immediately. While you're at it, - can you argue in self defence? - How? Anything that might help her is out of frame. Security camera only shows Sara stepping up and firing at the victim. - Pull the trigger, Michael. - Drop the gun! Misfire. - She worked for the Company. - To you. To a jury, she's Christina Hampton, Technology Consultant. And because she was so good at hiding her true identity, we can't prove otherwise. Look, you were all exonerated. It did not sit well with law enforcement. If they can make Sara pay for it, they will. How much time is she looking at? You. Over here. You. Here. You. Here. This one's yours. Am I supposed to be in a different facility? I don't think so. I haven't been convicted of anything yet. I'm supposed to be in a jail. This is prison. Overcrowding and budget cuts, fish. This is the jail. That's the prison. 'Sup, homie? You need some help? You got everything you need over there? Why don't you go help and make her bed? Don't let them spook you. They just like to intimidate. They are good at it. Look. This jail-prison hybrid thing's B.S. Come on. The other one's practically empty. You can ride it out to your court date there. Thank you. Here. This should be a little bit more comfortable for you. Okay. What's going on? You know At first, I couldn't place your name. Tancredi. It sounded so familiar. But then, Haggs here, figured it out. I remembered your pretty face from the papers. You're not going anywhere, fish. This is going to happen. Half a dozen guards lost their jobs and pensions at Fox River. Another dozen were put on probation, after you decided to leave the door open for your boyfriend and his seven convict pals. And we ain't gonna let anything like that happen again. Don't worry, we won't hit the baby basket. That's right. Looked like that welcome wagon ran over your face. It looks that way, huh? Alright, well You need something, you just ask for me. Everybody calls me "Daddy". Special delivery. You know, all we need is a little cash, spread around in places. I told you. The government's exposing my assets. You tellin' me you can't get your hands on the cash? Unless, that's the least you could do. Considering you was gonna kill me not too long ago. Goodbye, Theodore. You ain't never been incarcerated before, and I never been incarcerated here. Therefore, now let's just say this handicapped connie got the juicy hand back in Fox River. Your pathetic existence here could be ameliorated. As can my life, all with a little "Roberto de Niro". One of our friends has been apprehended by the authorities. Looks like we've got a new neighbour. I'm never gonna get out of this prison alive. I know that. I wanna bring my enemy down with me. I want her dead. Either way, it's going to require a capital. A capital you no longer have. My rainy day plan. Do you know where it is? Jonathan. I'd assume that that would be used for your defense. It's good money after bad, Joe. They're not gonna let me out of here. No matter how many shots, it's that hard. Get that. To our friend, in the sister cells, across the compound. Officer Johnson Officer Riley, could you come to your extension in 30 seconds Excuse me. Bad move. Last time someone touched her, they got a crack kneecap. You're much braver than I gave you credit for. Either that, or you're amazingly nice. Do I look like I wanna talk to you? I just say, a woman in your position laid up for some protection. Join the prison gang? I don't think so. Not a gang. No. A family. They don't call her "Daddy" for nothin'. That's her wife. And those are her kids. - Are you okay? - Stay the hell away from me. I need to go down the infirmary. Can't go down the infirmiary without a release form. I'm having muscle contractions on my throat. And my jaws' tightening up. It's--It's just could be indigestions, I'm not poisoned. No. That's the government cheese. You'll get used to it. If I don't get to the hospital in the next 15 minutes, I will die and my baby will die. Please. Boss. Why don't you let her go see the doc? Please. This is Kaorla. Inmate going to the infirmary. We were able to administer the charcoal labrigintein. You and your baby are gonna be okay. You know the strignein didn't get into my meatloaf all by itself, right? Well then, you need to talk to the warden about it. Then how about talking to me about your face? You want to tell me how that happened? I caught an elbow playing basketball. We should discuss your situation. As I'm sure you've ascertained this isn't going to be a run-of-the-mill pregnancy. Do I deliver in here? No. The day we induce, we'll secure you in an ambulance. We'll take you to St. Lucia down the road. We'll cordone off a room. There'll be three armed guards in there with me, when you give birth. Do I get to see my baby? You'll have 30 minutes before we take it away. I've seen this process a dozen times. After the mothers come back here, the depression's almost unbearable. My advice, it's a lot less messy, if you'd just think of yourself as a surrogate. Yeah? Michael, it's Lou Phillips. Listen, um Your wife had an incident earlier today. Someone tried to poison her. What are you talking about? Michael, I need you to focus. Do you have any idea who might have done this? Michael? Michael?! Go ahead, let him in. If I had a list of all the people who might come to visit me your name would be at the bottom, somewhere below Jesus Christ and Scooby Doo. - Someone tried to poison Sara today. - Mercy-- Only you would be depraved enough, to think that killing an innocent woman and her unborn child would bring you some kind of peace before your execution. Sara is with child? Congratulations! This is like the 4th of July and Christmas Day rolled into one. I am asking you, father to father, to leave her alone. You can kill me if you want to kill me, I'll trade my life for hers. But leave Sara alone. Michael If you were killed, your pain would last a moment. If Sara were killed, your pain would last the rest of your life. Now that's got to be appealing to whoever put out this hit. But don't worry, Michael. If I find out anything, I'll be sure to let you know. Prison life can be tough. If I remember correctly, you have two missing toes that can attest to that bag. I don't think you understand. She's not safe here! Please. Please just approve the transfer to another facility. If I grant her a transfer, everybody's gonna want one. What about segregrated housing? Is there something that I should know about the structural integrity of shoe? I can see where this is going. I know who you are. And I'm not going to let you turn my prison into the next Fox River. All I'm trying to do, is keep my wife alive. You do know she's pregnant. I don't care. Here. Thanks. In case I haven't made myself clear-- Sara Tancredi is not getting any preferential treatment. And you've made yourself perfectly clear. Thank you for your time. - What happened? - The General wants Sara dead and the warden's just gonna let that happen. We gotta lure in the case if he's gonna get her out, right? Which is not enough time. She stays in that prison, someone's going to kill her. I guess we don't have a choice. We're breaking her out. In my 16 years in the Bureau, I've worked cases under Alexander Mahone, is the smartest, bravest, most honorable man, I've ever had the pleasure of serving with. As one of those 43 agents, I can't help but feel a bit offended. Because obviously, I am not as honoured as this drive-addicted murderer. Alex has been clean and sober for four months. And he's been completely exonerated of all crimes associated with his involvement with the Company. That doesn't include the shooting and murder of one Oscar Shales and burying his body under his bird bath-- That is just an allegation. Let's move on, shall we? All those in favor of reinstating Alexander Mahone, a Special Agent in the Federal Bureau of Investigation-- Aye. - All those oppose? - Alright, alright, I've-- Thank you for the invite, Richard. It's always a pleasure. You know, Alex. This ruling can't be revisited. If you're able to sufficiently demonstrate, just how committed you are to a life of service. Now, as you may know, Sara Tancredi was arrested recently, and is currently being housed at the Miami Dade State Penitentiary. We have concerns that Michael Scofield may have other plans for her. So this This is why you invite me in here. Well obviously, if Scofield were, to be able to pull off this plot of another breakout, the public embarassment will be immensed to the Bureau. So having someone to get us credible information, that would be worth something to us. Agent Wheatley is set up in Miami. He would be your contact. You're something else. Now We both know how badly you want that badge back. Give me a reason to give it to you. What's your plan after we break her out? We're on the run again? First things first. Let's get her out of there. Hey, papi. The fed that arrested Sara, is outside, staking us out. Look, if you're worried about getting into trouble again, go back to Chicago, go back to your family. I'll understand. Are you kidding me? After all the crap we've been through, I'm just going to leave you here and Sara in there? You shut up and don't bring it up again. - What's all that? - Newspaper clippings-- Covering seven different escape attempts, from Miami Dade's State Pen, over the last 60 years. None of them-- None of them successful. So we weigh them all, and we learn what not to do. Well, the prison officials learned a lot. They re-evaluated, they retrofitted The prison's pratically escape-proof. - Are you alright? - I'm fine-- I guess so if we can't go through, what if we go down? Like down into the prison? Like we parachute in. Yeah. Yeah. You parachute in, - you find her, and we get he rout. - Are you kidding? - I'm serious. - That's suicide! Hey, hey Newspapers clippings only going to get us so far. We need some more information about the prison. So let's do some recon work. Camera, electronic tape measure, dry ice. What's this? It's a shopping list. You need to come with me, doc. I have a doctor's appointment for my pregnancy in a few minutes. It'll wait. In here. Hold it. I don't know what you want, but I promise you, I will go down and fight it. Damn baby, I ain't gonna hurt you. Hell, I ain't even gonna touch you. See, I run the motor pool detail in here. And I was thinkin' if you want to get yourself a little fresh air, and not have to worry about getting stuck in the back, then you could come in, work with me You're the fed from my wedding. Yeah, you can call me Agent Wheatley. I could call you a lot of things. - Where you headed? - Sea World. Sea World? There isn't one in Miami. My loss. No. What really be your loss, is getting your wife killed, by doing something stupid. - Are you threatening Sara? - No, no. Not at all-- I'm just saying that if you were gonna try and revoke her sentence. Bullets fly, Michael. And if she'd get hurt, that'd be on you. Funny hearing that from the guy who put her in prison in the first place. No, I didn't put her in prison. State of Florida did. It's just my job to make sure that she stays there. So, uh Where's all your little buddies? Alright. Drop in some more dry ice. Fence line is four feet from the road. And 32 feet from the east camera. Hurry up. They're gonna see the laser. I'm going as fast as I can, papi. - He followed you? - Yeah, but he's gone now. You guys almost done? Almost. Great. I'll meet you back at the loft. Well, you just a natural. I bet you was a hell of a surgeon. Handing out condoms to cons were makin' no damn surgeon! What in the hell is the matter with you? You ain't even ask me if she can come One day, for real! Can we go one day without your mouth? One! Let it be today. I'm sorry. You got to forgive my old lady, she's You just a little bit easy on eyes, you know? She's just the jealous type. Crazy type is more like it. What? You wanna watch your tone, Agatha. Sorry. Or you want me take off my belt? Sorry. Kid. It's rough. It's hard running a family. It's important though that, uh-- That you have one-- I have a family. I have a husband. Oh, you've got a husband? Is he here? They let him bring you in here, with you, when you came? No. Yeah, I had a husband too. is a long time to wait. So, you know. If this ain't for you, that's cool. Then you pick up that nasty oil, take it out and put it in the repository. Okay. We gotta go, bro. - Get your hands off me. - When I'm good and ready. What's Burrows doing by the fence? Please don't make me ask you again, Sara. Nobody here to help you, but yourself. Are you going to answer me? You tried to kill me. Line it up, cons. Go back inside. You, get back to your detail. Now! I want you to pass along an offer to your boy. What he's paying his people to dust that Tancredi chicken bitch pop My woman are good for a cut rate. Just what kind of discount are you proposing here? Tell him, uh He's offering a 100 grand, my girl will take 30. No, 40. Perfect. I'll tell him. Hey, five star. So you have no cash, whatsoever I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you over the sound of that broken record. Got it. I won't ask again. Whose act is stupid as you look, huh? Oh, to what do we owe the honor? I've been thinking Well, no need to be uh, shy. Just spit it out. I've changed my mind. No, well maybe, Daddy changed her mind. Maybe she don't want you here anymore. Sport's right. I recently have rolled up my welcome mat. Peace. - Please. - Please, what? Please, may I be a part of your family? Take a walk. Take a walk! I would love that. I would-- Sit down. I really would. You see, its not that easy. It's just saying "I do". See, in order to making a commitment to a family It's something you gotta prove. That's right, we all did it. It's a commitment to the family code. It's a code you gotta wear. Alex! - What's up? - What-- How you doing, man? What's going on? We gotta talk. Alright. They're watching you. - We know. We gotta a fed on us. - No. Not just one. The whole department. Sounds a lot like inside information, Alex. What you do? Make a deal with the feds? They offered me my old job back, if I came down here to spy on you. Now the fed you're talking about, his name is Wheatley. He's running point. So now we know. So if you really gonna do this, you gotta do it right. And I'll help you if you need me. What else do you get? Sara was working the motor pool today at 4 o'clock. Motor pool is here. This hold by two security cameras, along the perimeter of the prison. What about secondary entrances? No loading dock, no personnel entrance-- Fences? covered in rave wires. - Electrified? - No. Why? If Sara can get herself back to motor pool, I think we can find a way inside. With all the different retrofits over the years, the fence line is widened. But security cameras remain exactly where they've always been. They've never accounted for the difference. - There's a blindspot. - Yeah. Right here. If Sara can get back to that spot, we can breach the fence. It's risky, Michael. That's all we've got. How much time to tell Sara where we going to meet her? How? We get no visitations, no phone calls. It's clean. Take it to Tancredi. Remember when I taught you about flowers? I wish I was with you now. To see you holding one in your hand. To see you holding one in your hand. Tomorrow. PM. Seven. Oil dump. Sure looks like you've been busy. Do you have a warrant, Agent Wheatley? A warrant? No, I don't need one. My testimony would be that your brother let me in. Once inside, saw all this evidence, right in plain sight. What judge is gonna take your word over mine? What evidence? Those pictures were taken from public property. That prison, was paid for by the taxpayers. So all you have evidence of, is an exonerated citizen, standing on a public road, taking pictures of a public building. Last I checked, it's not a crime. What if I said that I could get you on attempt, just for having all this stuff? What if I told you that all this was peace offering? The warden won't let me see my wife. So I figured, if I found a few lapses in the security, pointed them out as a gesture of good faith, she might change her mind? Is that so? Find anything yet? No. Looks airtight. Well thank goodness for that. You guys will let me know if anything comes up, right? You'll be the first to know. On the outside, I was known for getting the job done. No matter what. I got paid well for it. Now I'm broke. But I still need things. - Like what? - A favor. I don't do favors for cons. Really? It's not what it says on the bathroom wall. As I understand, you'd do favors for those who reciprocate. Is that true? This is bullshit, Boss! I'm a veteran around here. Ain't no reason to toss me! You-- Hey! You low leaf! Looky, looky here. No! That brown ain't mine, boss. You know this! I don't do no drugs! Who put that in here?! You ugh! Get your hands off me. I know where the hole is. What y'all looking at? I do no drugs! Somebody is going down there! I love you too. Sofia's making arrangements in Central America. Once we break Sara, we're on the boat, we're gone. - Hey. - It's Lou. Just got the decision from the court. They're ordering the warden to allow a supervised visitation. - Where are you going? - They're letting me see Sara. Pera, pera, pera, pera-- If they're going to be listening to every word you say, you gotta be careful about this. If she understood my letters, she'll find a way to tell me. How? She's going to blink the Morse code? Attention, inmates Visiting hours will be over in five minutes. Oh my God! Oh my God! Who did this to you? I'm okay. Baby's okay. Sara, I'm so sorry. You're in here because of me. I'm sorry. This is hard. - I miss you so much - No touching! I miss you too. You just have to hang in there, okay? I'm trying. But my protection's gone. - Did you get my letter? - I did. I know sometimes it's hard for me to express what I want to say. But I hope you understood what I meant to tell you. I did. Is he getting cute? You were there for me. And I will be there for you. - Okay. - Alright, that's it. Time's up. See you soon. Bye. Michael. I was thinking a lot. About the photos and the mock-up that you showed me at the loft. And I ran a few tests. Lo and behold, I've found a blindspot. Right along the fence line over here, due to our retrofit. You didn't know about this, did you? No, no, of course not. Because you would've told me or the warden about it if you did, right? Well, it's a good thing I found this when I did, before anyone tried to escape. Well if we can't go through the fence, then that leaves under or over. Look, how's she gonna climb that fence without being seen, huh? I'm guessing there's no telephone wire for her to climb across. - Then she's gotta go under. - Alright, let's get some shovels-- What was that you were saying about parachutes? Parachutes-- Guys, come on. You can't be-- Parachutes? Couple of thoughts on that. A: We don't have a plane, B: We don't have a pilot. Have you ever worn a parachute? Don't worry. I think I've got a plan. But we're gonna need some help from an old friend. Who? - You want a favor from me. - Just hear me out. Of course. I mean When you and Michael send me back to that prison, you did give me a piece of chewing gum. I mean what kind of man would I be if I didn't quit your pro-quote. Look, all you gotta do is sound off the fire alarm, in here, tomorrow night at 7:30. That's it. You're breaking her out. Krantz has put a hit on her. That's our one shot, of keeping her alive. Well you're on a pivoted kind of damn, Lincoln. We'll put five grand on your cake once this whole thing jumps off. The love of Michael's life is only worth $5,000? That's the best we can do. - I need six figures. - That's all we got. Well, like a day for you, I know somebody who does the General's man. He's got to pay out for Sara's hit. You wire that money to me by 7 PM tomorrow, and we're in business. What's his name? It's your brother to you that agony is. Come on, you gotta give me more than that. Tomorrow. 7 PM. Go on, fetch. You should have seen the look on Michael's face. When he saw me fixing that fence and installing that camera. You did a great job. Job's over now. If Michael has this misguided belief that Sara's life is in danger, he's gonna find a way back into that prison. Your job will be over until you give us enough evidence to put him back behind bars. So what's the latest? There's nothing concrete. But I'll let you know when I get something. Alright. Good man. I warned you. Tough going alone. I know he's breaking you out. I'm coming with you. Relax. Krantz sent me to kill you, but after what he's put me through, I'm done taking orders from him. You're sitting next to me at the mess when I was poisoned. You'd think you would've lasted this long if I wanted you dead? I want you dead. You're still alive. Do you think it's hard to stay alive when you know who's coming after you? There's 200 women in this prison. Could you even get to Gen Pop? I'm coming with you. Or nobody's going.   
                
