The Sunshine State



                    			Previously on Prison Break the price of the operation is the safe return of Scylla. See if the buyer left him a message. Yeah, it's a Miami area code. The item. I'm sure you understand no one can know Where Scylla’s going. Do you know who took it? No, but Self and Gretchen do. Then you've got your team. I'm not working for them. There are holes in your resume That Gretchen or Self or even Bagwell can fill. What happened? He got away. What's this? My resignation. Whatever plan you're working on to get us out of here, We better make a move on it. You're not getting out of here, Michael. I made a deal. Your life in exchange for Scylla. You think you can do that Knowing what you know about the company? You want to know what I know about the company? Mom worked for them before she died. Now, I’m gonna do Everything and anything I can to end this. Hello? Sara, it's me. Where are you? Miami. The guy who took Scylla’s here. So you're-You're actually trying to get it back for the company? I'm gonna give it back to the company so we can Walk away from this. How's Michael? I don't know. I don't know. Two guys from the company came, And they brought me to a hotel, And-And I was given flowers And a fruit basket, And absolutely no information about Michael. Is Fernando with you? Sucre split. We, uh, we left some messages With Mahone, telling him Where we are, but that Was two cell phones back. Sorry, who's "we"? Who are you with? People I don't trust. Okay. Listen, um Lincoln, I know why you did it, and-And I’m grateful to you, because he was gonna die. But do you really think that They're just gonna let us live when we give them Scylla? You know what, Sara, I’m doing my best. Just-Just call me If you hear anything about Michael, please. Gretchen: Linc, the company's data tech Finally got a hit on our guy's cell phone. It's a number, and it goes to this address-- The Grafton; it's a club. How many calls? Three. All outgoing. How do we know this guy's Still in Miami, That he hasn't sold it already, huh? Not that I’m complaining. I've had some filthy, filthy times in this state. Don't screw this up, all right? Because that's our only lead on this guy. Be thankful I haven't killed you. Oh, yeah? Wh-What are you, Eliot Ness now? Huh? What, are you upset because I screwed you over, Linc? 'Cause don't act like You haven't done that to ten times as many people. All right? We're just crooks that got caught, Lincoln. This this guy, this isn't gonna work. Why don't we all just focus on who's got Scylla. What do you say? Man : Hey, Scotfield. Where am I? He's awake. I said, where am I? It's a house, in the woods, Swept clean of weapons, so you don't need To worry your head about that. There are no bars on the windows or the doors, But there are three types of mountain lion in the area, So you might want to stay close by. I'll take it from here. Dr. Roger Knowlton, Michael. How are you feeling? You some kind of neurologist? Psychiatrist. Given that you've got Some free time, the general asked if I’d sit with you. A cigar's a cigar. Are we done? You've been operating under some misconceptions about the company, And the general wants To, uh, open the books. I'm here to provide facts And to help you process them. If by facts, you mean what's on Scylla And that my mother once worked for the company, I already know these things. "Worked"? Your mother works for us. Your mother is alive. Hey. We don't open till 3:00. I'm just looking for someone. Haven't got the guy's name, Uh, but he called here yesterday About three times-- New Yorker, dark hair, Bits of gray. You know where I can find him? Uh, yeah, I can't help you. Sorry. You sure? My man, you need to check your ears, All right, 'cause he just said we don't know who you're talking about. Is that right? Yeah, that's right. Well, what about blondie? You've got about two seconds how about it? I don't know his name. How about it! He works this girl works here, he dates her. You're gonna take me to her. Well, this is all just.. Fascinating, doctor. Knowlton: I don't know how better to say this. She left you and your brother to protect you. From the dangers of solar synthesis work? I know what's on Scylla. There were threats, you and Lincoln might be kidnapped. You were in imminent danger. Really. Where was she when my brother was strapped To an electric chair? She'd been working in a Madagascar rain forest, Without satellite access. Or she wasn't alive, hasn't been for 25 years, And this is all fiction. There's a million acres, corn and soy, outside Cordoba That was arid scrub before your mother's research. That's not fiction, That's food for thousands. Millions. There's so much more On Scylla than you know. It sounds like we'd have a lot to talk about. Why don't you get her on the phone. When you're ready. No time like the present. When you're ready to join her. Us. That's what this conversation Is about. Joining the company. Hey, Erica, it's me. So, are you coming? I really need to talk to you. She's on her way. Oh, my god! Why'd this guy call the club's phone and not Erica’s? I they fight a lot, So when she doesn't answer, he calls the club. What do you want with this guy? He took something that belongs to me. I want it back. There. There's Erica. Wait here. Get him stitched up. Big guy. Shaved head. Crazy. - Who the hell is he? - I don't know. He bought the whole thing about you being friends With this chick or whatever? He didn't know I was with you, And by the time he did, he was trying not to get shot. You did good. I just need a smoke so bad. Oh, no. What? My wallet. This is the chick who set me up. We find her, we find our guy. Gretchen: Busting up clubs, firing shots in public. You keep that up and we're not going to last here much longer. I don't plan on staying here very long. You? See, that's why I have to give it up to the general. He puts four enemies together, guaranteed dissension. No alliances form against him. This is our guy's girlfriend's address. He's probably gone, But see what you can find. This is Tia. Do you want to know what I think they were talking about? I don't care. Just as long as they keep out of my way. Same with you. Send her in. Sarah! You're looking rested. How is the hotel? I would like to offer my professional Assistance in Michael’s rehabilitation. Kind but he's receiving excellent care. There's nothing for you to worry about. Whatever it is you have planned for him, I would simply like to help maintain his health. And that's appreciated, but it's impossible. Believe me, you serve Michael best At a distance right now. Trust me. I have no agenda apart from simply wanting to see that he's okay. And in three days to a week, He'll be back in your loving arms forever. Okay, I’m not that patient. Indulge yourself. Sit by the pool, Envision the future: Financial security, Michael's talents being utilized on a global scale, You beside him innovating. Michael's talents being utilized on a global scale? I'm simply trying to maximize his potential. Yours, too. What's being done to him? I'm putting an end to this exhausting cat-And-Mouse. Thank you for stopping by. "Radical architecture is a rejection of all formal And moral parameters." From your thesis. Someone else's words heavily paraphrased. And it pertains to buildings, structures. I think you meant it as a metaphor. What, that the ends justify the means? Which neatly Coincides with your mother's philosophy. Did you know that she had an almost identical quote In her thesis? From 30 years ago. You've done a lot of homework. Just a few conversations. Let me guess. You two had some kind of moment At the company Christmas party? I've known your mother for years. Well enough to know you've got the same brilliant mind And the same sense of humor, for that matter. I'm guessing this isn't about my sense of humor. She was just As resistant to joining the company, But then she learned the truth. If the truth is that the company is all about saving the world, I don't buy it. And if my mother is so brilliant and active in the company, What do you want with me? A fully functioning Scylla project would exist On a global scale. It can't be managed By one person. But two equally formidable, working in lockstep? Absolutely. That's very good. You've clearly thought of everything. Michael if I weren't telling you the truth, How would I have gotten this? This is just a stupid girl who dates a criminal. This is  a waste of time. A signature of burrows' leadership. All right, we need to make a shift. Bagwell, I’m telling you right now, If I make my play and you go soft, I will sail you off that loft balcony And no one will bat an eye. My aim is true, Don. Keep it in your pants. I'll keep it in my pants, all right? All right, all in favor of changing the regime, say "aye." Aye, aye, captain. Aye. All right, burrows is out. Good, great. Send it. The company's e-Mailing Tia's credit card history. You know, I’m thinking more and more that this is an inside job. -Why? -A couple reasons. The hardware he brought to the meet. He could read Scylla right on the spot. Since he's disappeared, I should be able to find this man, and I can't. People you can't find are usually company. How does that change anything? It doesn't. It just makes everything harder. Lincoln when are we going to get this out of the way? What? Of all the mercenary humps I’ve thrown at guys In my lifetime, I think I’m due for one I want. Don't flatter yourself. Too late. Name it. And I do mean anything. A big ol' fat load of nothin'! A big ol' goose egg. Nothing. Old address books, photographs, Hard drive from her computer. I checked her e-Mails and her web sites. There's nothing from our guy. Are you sure this girlfriend route is the way to go here? Because this is starting to feel like a wasted trip. How long is it gonna take the company To pull everything off this thing? A couple hours. All right, Linc, this is the deal. Look, we appreciate your effort, But Bagwell and I took a vote, And this being Florida and all, you came up a little bit short. Meaning? You're not in charge. Who is? Him. Yeah. The bull-In-The-China- Shop routine Might have worked when you were stealing gumballs, But our asses are on the line now, okay? And we all have deals with the general. So that's the way it's gonna be. And if you notice, even Gretchen hasn't leapt to your defense. Linc, just let him wear his crown. I would if I thought he wasn't gonna sell this thing. Oh, what, am I the only one who's thought about that? Look, here's the deal, Linc. At some point, you'll have a vote. But until then, you're done, all right? We're shuttin' you down, okay? You're no longer in charge. Uh-Oh, looks like there's been a recount. Bad time? No, perfect. The second you stop doing what I tell you to do, I'm gonna blow your brains out. Bring her back. It's not gonna be the same. Stir any memories? I was ten. We were on a camping trip in Jackson hole. Fishing, hiking. Family huddled under a blanket in front of the bonfire. You can stop now. Why? Because two years later it was gone? You know, three of the four People in this photograph are still alive. So what are you suggesting, Grab my fishing pole? Time for aa family reunion in Wyoming? Or wherever you like. Don't tell me it's something you haven't wished for. I wished for a lot of unrealistic things. I got over them, too. Why, When we can make this happen? These pictures could have been taken anywhere at any time. Before you were incarcerated, You'd go to visit her grave on the anniversary All right, enough. You'd bring a bouquet of blue irises. You'd sit for an hour. I said stop it. When you'd leave, you'd take a flower And pin it to your lapel. She watched you do this every year. She's seen the pain you carry. She wants to make amends. All right! So you did a little digging. Good for you. But everything out of your mouth is a lie, And I don't believe a word of it. So let's just stop. Let's just stop. That's Tia's address Right there. Pull it up. All right, she lives here, works here, but yesterday She used her credit card to buy a drink At the pelican club a little after noon, And then she picked up something at the gift shop A little after 1:00. Waiting for her boyfriend to debark. Disembark. He's already in town. Yeah. Then he lives in the marina. Or this is another reason to think it's an inside job. If he's working with someone from the company, They wouldn't want their names on any flight manifests. All right, they're trying to get Scylla Out of the country by boat undetected. Let's go. Alex, yeah? Thanks for coming when you did, man. You helped me like you said you would. I owe you. Okay, I’ll do the talking. You guys wait here. Alex, let's go. Afternoon. How's it going? What can I do you for? Recognize her? Her name's Tia Hayden. Can't say I do. Wish I did. Nice little tomato there. She was in here yesterday with a man. Can't help. Sorry. Don Self, homeland security. And this is my partner Bruce Liberace. No relation. Our department is working with the office Of foreign assets control. Have you heard of them? Yep. Bet you have. We're looking into smuggling And contraband transportation of Cuban cigars. None here, swear to god. All right, well, that's for us to decide. It's going to take about a week, And it's going to involve shutting down this entire marina oh, yeah. for about a week. Or she was here With that guy you were talking about. He wanted to know which berth a private charter was docking in. He asked me to move it further down the dock, which I did. Further away from the coast guard slip? I didn't ask. And I didn't accept any money. If he said he paid me, he's lying. What's the point of departure? Nassau, Bahamas. Round trip. When does it arrive? Arrived. Hey, everybody! Okay, my name is Don Self! Homeland security. My colleagues and I are hoping that you guys have a wonderful And safe trip. Unfortunately, We're going to have to do a quick luggage check search. Shouldn't take more than a minute, folks. Your cooperation is all That's required. Open your bags. Get on your knees! Okay, okay, okay. Where is it? Where's Scylla? What have you got in here? Three joints. I'm on probation. Is this going to send me back? Make yourself a helmet, pal. Just like old times. Bring her back. You know I can't do that. But, look, there's some stuff That I can do. It's not going to be the same, But we're going to figure it out. And, no matter what, It's still going to be me and you. I am thrilled that you're enjoying your trip to the mountains, But it's not an open-Ended vacation. Scotfield's exhausted. Despondent. He's very resistant, but a classic abandoned child. He'll come around. Time frame, doctor? Unaided, three days. With the pentothal? Sooner, but it's nearly a chemical lobotomy. But, if he turns on his own, it'll be his decision, His reasoning. We'll own him forever. Scotfield’s squirrelly. I won't trust him till he walks hot coals. I think I can get him there. Good. But, if I find out he's been playing you, doctor, You'll get the same lobotomy as Scotfield. Just get it done. Let's go. In the van. Go. If you fight when those cuffs are off, The guards will stomp the life out of you. Yeah. Forgive the dramatics. The company can't know I’m talking to you. You are the company. You're his daughter. Do you want to find Michael Scotfield? Of course I do. It's 60 miles northeast Of downtown. I'd move quickly. What are they doing to him? Having lemonade. They're carving out his personality. That's how they recruit. Or you're setting me up. Clandestine warfare isn't pretty, But the rules of engagement Don't include killing and torturing the innocent. At least not for me. Michael is the object of a quick and nasty Process, and you're wasting time. Out. Out. We need the footage from that security camera. Not to offend either of you, but I took The liberty of calling my attorney To find out exactly what the scope of your authority is here, - And he tells me - Just get the tape, all right? Sure Either we missed Scylla no, no, no. We did not Miss Scylla. We searched every bag. Then maybe the buyer was already on the boat, And was disembarking, right? I mean, if they don't want their names on any flight manifest, Maybe they just eased back on in. That wouldn't be the worst news. That means they're in Miami. Right. So get yourself back down with your disgraced badge to steamboat Willie, And have him cough up every name of every person on that boat coming off. Okay, that's good, Because they probably would have traveled in on a Low-Grade charter from the Bahamas, and used their real names, right? That would be a good plan. How is he? He's alive. So we get Scylla. Then we're free, all of us-- Pam, LJ All of a sudden, the company grew a heart? They're just tired of us. They want Scylla back. That's it. Then we never really had anything they wanted. Exactly. Now we got leverage. We don't have it yet. Anything? No. Nothing yet. Nothing. No, Lincoln, you don't understand. The way she said "recruit" made my stomach turn. They're going to torture him. He can take care of himself, at least for one day, until we get Scylla. Lincoln, he needs to be in the ICU. What's your plan? Break him out? I don't know. I don't have one. Well, you're putting him and us at risk. Just stay in the hotel until we get back to l.A. All right? Tancredi got the location of her shining knight. She may be heading there now. Exemplary, Bagwell. Thank you, sir. A deal's a deal, right? Not to be a broken record, but all I ask But I think we're making some real progress, general. The Scotfield/burrows family would have been a formidable asset to the Company, but since his lapdog insists on complicating matters, we move on. General, we can handle a lone female. If, indeed, that's what we're dealing with. But it's my experience, that with the one comes many. Do it now, doctor. I need an hour. He just ate. I don't want him to aspirate. Now, doctor. I want Scotfield pliable for transit. Your vehicle arrives in 20 minutes. And if we can't revive him? C'est la vie! Michael, come out. We need to talk. Think of something. That's it! That's our guy! There's Tia right beside him. We've got to pull that image, get it to the company, And have them match it. Where's Gretchen? How'd you find me? Once I found your mug shot, It really wasn't that hard getting your legit cell number. Well, now I’m here. What do you want? You never bothered to ask back in Los Angeles-- You were too busy planning on killing me-- But I actually worked for the company. I know who you are. And I’ll ask it again. What do you want? To solve your problems, Scott. I mean, it is what gets me up out of bed in the morning. You have a big problem, and so does Whoever it is you're working for. And you obviously know that Or you wouldn't have graced me with your presence. And you can make that problem disappear? Quickly and completely. With an extra added bonus. Crucial, I might add. I then feed the company a story That has them looking elsewhere. Meaning you're invaluable And please don't kill you. Yeah. Without the "please." How much? A lot. And it's about to double here in a second If you don't look at me when I’m talking to you. You go run and talk it over with your boss. Call me with a number. I'm authorized to negotiate on their behalf. If you serve up Whoever's looking for us and get the company off our scent-- $10 million. Best and final offer. Ask for a penny more and I’ll shoot you In the chest and take my chances. Take it easy, Michael. This is for your own good. What was that? Sounded like the water heater. Came from the bathroom. Pick it up! Now give the doctor his medicine. No. Bedpost. Ferguson: in here, in the bedroom. Come on! Thank you. Perfect. Let me know if you hear anything else. Where the hell you been? Figuring this whole thing out. I know who it is. The buyer. His name is Lawrence Wilcott and he's been working For the company for ten years. How did you figure that out? I still have friends on the inside, And on the outside of the company. I've been putting together a profile, Narrowing down the candidates. Wilcott got on a plane In bogot?And flew to the Bahamas yesterday And then got on a boat. The guy who took Scylla off us in l.A.? We pulled his image off the security tape. Company's running a recognition match right now. That's great, but that's going to take all day. Do you know where he is right now? With Wilcott. We need to go now. Because better yet, I know where Wilcott's staying. Okay, we need to move before Scylla does. Let's go. Let's go. Turn around! Hands on your head. Punch it, we gotta get out of here! Michael, get in! He's rented out the entire top floor. Security at every point. We might want to get to an employee-- Bribe 'em. Top level company in a big glass building. Nice and slow. Get your hands up. This is everyone? You whore. You're a whore, And your mother was a whore, And her mother, and your father Used to turn tricks at a gas station, 'Cause he was a whore, too. Bye, auntie. Sorry. Sorry, but right now I want my life back More than I want your money. Where's Scylla? Well, let's talk about that, okay? Let's. Where is it? I can get it. No, he can't. He's stalling, Linc. It's gone. You're right. And since all you guys can kiss my ass, There's only one thing I want to accomplish right now. Lawrence Wilcott? The whole floor of the hotel rented out? Made it up. You have no idea who this guy was working for? No. No clue. We gotta pull the pin here, guys. Just because she switched sides at the last second Doesn't mean she wasn't going to kill us two minutes ago, okay? Kill her. All right, we're not leaving her here For the cops and we're not taking her To the hospital. Why? I didn't let you get slaughtered. She's got a kid. So what? Are we killing the kid? The kid doesn't even know it's her mother. Come on, Linc, pull the trigger. Do it. Her name's Emily-- She's only eight years old. Come on. Do it. We're not them. You keep your mouth shut, And you get to see your kid in visitation. I know what the general will do to me for talking. Believe me. I know him well. Are you serious? Let's go, let's go. What happened? You haven't said a word. I think my mother's alive. That's his cell phone. Answer it. Hello. Hello. Your boy's dead. And now I’m coming after you. Did you hear me? Whoever you are, I’m coming after you. Who was that? It was my son-- Lincoln.   
                
