Selfless



                    			Previously on Prison Break From now on I'm asking that everyone keep their cards on them At all times Gretchen didn't get us the sixth card. Where does that leave us Gretchen did pass on this one piece of information for you. This could be helpful. I got a call from an old friend. Heard scylla was in play. He wants to know if he can get in on it. I've set up a safe house Where we can hear him out. Do you have a pen? Just a minute. Agent self We have been waiting When scofield and burrows walk through the door, Give them an opportunity to surrender. There's no way they're gonna hand it over without a fight. If they take that position, we'll respond in kind. We make one wrong move, The camera goes on, And general krantz will know we're inside. I need a team downstairs. Now. Shouldn't be long You sure we shouldn't be waiting down there For Michael and Scylla? If you know anything about the tactics You know that this is the high grout Besides, we're silencers So Scylla isn't one card It's six Make sure he is not on those explosives And kill him Drop them Or i blow his head clean off You gonna want put that down You gonna want put that down Lower your weapons Come on Get over there Come on, old man The best minds in the world Designed the security system And you almost be there Frustration must be killing you You blow it Actually There is only one missing piece of the puzzle And you just brought it to me I'm not sure what you are talking about it Your Scylla card Now Now what have you expected? What i expected of a man like you, Is a system Where you have got all the advantage Looks like you're a few cards short Suck general You are the worst parterner i've ever worked with What You leaving me With the one-handed freaking Crazy bitch when you hang out with g Be quiet, be quiet Don't tell me what to do, you coward Listen to me You think gretchen and bagwell will get you scylla But the people they are gonna steal it and They have a plan to trans Shut up -you shut up -be quiet Don't tell me to shut up Shut up shut your mouth up Don't tell me to shut up Don't move We needed him He's gonna kill you Go get gretchen and bagwell I'm gonna take care of this You want to be ashamed of yourself I don't have things work back home But around here, we'd like to give our guest A propre interaction. I'm Gregory White, nice to meet you. Susan Anthony I've seen you around past couple of days. You're a prospective client? Actually, no. I'm a former work colleage of Cole's. She's a pretty convicing salesman herself. Really? Where did you work together? Florida. Florida? Weren't you in the northeast division? I was. But my very first job In Gate was in Clearwater. I guess you don't like stay put much, do you? Lord, I was born a ram man. I was wonderful to meet you I have to go to job on a conference call. He konws. No, no, no. What're you doing? Hang it up. Hey, that way. Back in that office. Everybody just stay calm. Mr White's office. Sit. Now listen very closely, No one's gonna get hurt. No one. How Did you get all five cards? The frustration must be killing you. Is that? What is that? The cards were keys And this This is scylla. Guess right noyou wish You'd framed somebody else, huh, general? You're not even close to getting out of here. Let's go. You sure, papi? We have no idea what's waiting for us back there. Yeah, but we don't know what's be up there Either. Trust me. General, we're gonna need you To activate this elevator. Best of luck. You're coming with us. It's all right, damani. Put away the gun. Everything's under control. We have a major situation. Michael, thank god. We got it. How's it going on your end? Pretty damn good. But give me five more minutes. Is that thdesk You sat at when you told wyatt to kill my son? Don't worry, alex. He won't be giving any more orders after today. I'm curious. How do you think you're getting out of here? The second We stepped off the elevator, My guard made a call to put the entire building under lockdown. Nothing gets in or out. So whatever you're waiting for-- It isn't coming. What are you looking at, huh? Nothing. Nothing. Huh? What are you looking at?! Nothing. Don't yobe eyeballing me, soldier.Back to work. There's no way this is gonna end well. We should get out of here. Don't you think it's worth 20 minutes for $125 million? Suck it up! I want a team outside of the general's office. We need to get a handle on this. Check the elevator. Cover the stairwell. All that design just to hold some names and reports. Names and reports? Is that informatn from the government, Or your father? Careful. Top right-hand drawer. It's something that should be of interest to you. I pulled it when your mes came up. Why did you leave? I took a position With a group of multinationals we call The company. They call every shot this country takes. I knew your father since before you were born You do know he worked for the company? Yeah. He was data analyst. Is that what he told you? Well, it makes sense. He wanteto protect you from the truth. I'm warning you. Your father was a brilliant man, But he could never have defeated the company. You don't have to make the same Misguided, fatal mistake that he did. There's so much you don't know about the company About scylla About your dad About your mother. I swear to god, I'll kill you. Let's get through this. What's the plan? Agent self? Where are we? The men went I about two hours ago. No confirmation on whether they've gotten scylla? Not yet, but I promise you, herb, You'll be the first to know, okay? And as soon as I get word, I'm taking an unmarked car To the pickup location, and then I'm gonna head bk over No. You go directlyto senator da I'll have the attorney general standing by. We can't veer from the plan here. It's too dangerous. Yes, sir. We're almost at the finish line. I know. I never thought you'd make it this far. I was wrong. We need to be prepared to go in As soon as the general gives the order. What is it you all want? Fernando. Just say the word, And your little girl's College education is paid for. We'll buy her a house to grow up in. You think you can just Throw some cash at us, huh? We'll forget everything, call it a day? Pam needs you, alex. Now more than ever. You're both still hurting, But given time, it'll pass. And maybe some day you'll be ready To be parents again, and if money is no object You should hear yourself right now. The desperation in your voice. You hear it? But listen to what it is I'm saying. Get away from me. Whatever you want Get away from me. Whatever you want, I can provide. Airline tickets For u and sara anywhere in the world. What I want Is to see the company burn to the ground, And you in prison. It's what we all want. That'll never happen. Hi. How have you been? Good. I am so sorry. Please back off. Excuse me. Let me help you Get some of that off. You know what? Stop. Just Don't worry about it. Are you okay? Excuse me, gentlemen. Thank u. Damn it. Everybody get into position. This is going to end Very soon, and it's not going to be pretty. One last chance. Lee scylla, and you can all Go free. Just walk out the door. Where are you going? You shoot me, and then what? You jump out the window of my 19th floor office? Michael, you kill me, you lose your levera. Hello? It's for you. Oh, what is this? Leverage. It's me. Lisa? I'm at gunpoint. What's going on? It's tancredi. She ys if you don't Let michael and the others leave with scylla, she'll kill me. Dad? Please. Do what they want. I suggest you take your daughter's advice, general. You son of bitch. Lisa, where you are? Get her back on the phone! You can talk to your daughter after we've left With scylla, of course. Look, I read enough intel on your girlfriend To know that she wouldn't hurt a fly. Maybbut she's changed.Ago, But she's changed. We've all changed. This is a list of everyone you've killed. Fathers, sons, friends. Do you really ink Your daughter's life is worth any more than theirs? One of two things is going to happen now. You're going to let us go, or lisa will die. Either one is fine with me. Just don't hurt r. As long as you hold up your end of the deal, we won't. You ordered scylla to be moved. Show us how. I'm walking them out! Stand down. Stand down. Yes, sir. They must have found another way out. That's impossible. Well, then, they're caught or dead. How much longer are we gonna wait? You were the one who said scofield had a plan. And you put a gun in mr. White's face! He was going to call the police. Shh, shh. It's okay. It's okay. Federal agent. Quick. I'll help you. Quick. Help me untie the others. Okay, I'll keep an eye on cole and the woman. I want you to slip out two at a time. Okay, you two first. Why can't we all go together? You're here. Go arrest them. I want to get out as many of you as possible Before they realize what's happening. Theodore bagwell's wanted for murder. Now cole pfeiffer's a hostage-taker. What am I gonna do? You're gonna run for your life, You idiot. I'm leaving. No, mr. White. No, mr. White. Wait! No! Wait! Everybody stay down! Drop your weapon! Call 911! How does it feel, huh? Being forced to do something you don't want to do? But knowing that if you don't go through with it, Someone you care about is gonna suffer; They're gonna pay? Spanish What goes around, comes around, huh, general? I I can't imagine what you've been through. I can't imagine that you'd want to. Whatever they've done to you "they" are you, my friend. Whatever they've told you, You need to realize that Scofield and burws are bad men. You used to be doctor. You devoted your whole life helpg other people. Now look at you. They have you holding a gun on an innocent woman. So you're innocent? You're jus.. Crunching numbers and running data To make the world a better place? Mrs. Tabak? You're fine. You need a couple of minutes. Hello, mrs. Tabak?! You okay? Say it. I'm soaking my skirt. If I d't get the grease out before it gets to the cleaners, It'll be ruined. Okay, ma'am. I don't know what it looks like up there In your ivory tower. Down on the ground, men and women are dying And lives are being ruined. So, I'm prepared to do absolutely anything In order to stop you. Turn around. Turn Around, lisa. You should've let me try to convince mr. White That everything was gonna be okay. That way, I could've What?! Put on a monkey suit every day And sit behind a desk. How long you think that's gonna last? You gonna walk down the street with an mp-5? You can't be serious. They can identify you, cole. You're the only one linking me to that crime scene. But, hey, it was nice working with you. Don't move! Turn around. Turn around! Gently now, sugar. That's special agent miriam holtz to you, sugar. Let's go. I want to speakwith my daught Get confirmation that she's being released. Sara will be keeping your daughter in custody Until she knows we're safely away from this place With nobody trailing us. Company agents aren't just embedded in the fbi And the secret service. They're in local law enforcement, hospils, dmv. You'll never see us coming. Actually, once we get scylla into the right hands, Alyour agents, all your operations-- It'll all be out in the open, And then everyone Will see you coming. We did this to you. We did this to you. Don't you forget that, old man. Want to know what your father really did for the company? He was an executioner. He killed people who defected from the company. Now the many he trained be coming after you. Come on. Something's not right. Mrs. Tabak? Mrs. Tabak?! She just left-- Tancredi-- she has to be right outside. Are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm heading back now. No. I want you in a secure location, Under supervision. You go home. But I really need to be there. I'll call youonce we get scy We've given the truck's license plate and vin number To the local police We lost our tactical initiative the minute That scoeld figured out our sops. If we want to defeat him, We've got to alter our wbecome unpredictable. It's them. Michael, where are you? The company's armored truck. We have it. They got it. Okay, listen. Michael, stay on alert, okay? I will. See you at the rendezvous. You guys get someplace safe. Wait till you hear from us. You got it. Good luck, bobby. Where are they? The rport. We have visual confirmation. Make sure not a single plane leaves the ground Before we've got them. Understood, sir. Stay with scofield and burrows. Scylla's the priority. Check it out. They're right behind us. Let's go. Now Now Hey, my name's john burton. I'm an off-duty cop from chicago. Listen, I'm walking through ontario airport, Terminal 2, right by the ticket counters And I just saw something That you guys definitely want check out. We got company. Michael scofield and lincoln burrows. Let's get out of here. No, no, no The last thing you want to do right now is run Why is that? You gonna shoot us? I say the word and my men will take you both out. In front of all these people? You'd never risk that kind of exposure. I think it's clear by now That you've miscalculated how far we're willing to go. Give me the bag. Give me the bag. Now. Tell krantz this isn't finished. Oh, you can tell him in person. Sir? Please come with us. Excuse me? Just a security precaution. Yeah, sure. Is this really necessary? Please empty the contents of your bag. Look, all I've got in there is a laptop And an external hard drive. I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy. Let go of the bag, sir. Yeah, we got it. So you knew who I was from the start, huh? My real name, my record I read your file, yeah. What if you hadn't? What's your point? What if you never knew I was theodore bagwell, the convict? Would you have believed I was cole pfeiffer? Stellar salesman Talented speaker? I don't know. You certainly had a lot of other people fooled, though. Till you pled a machine gun on them. I guess it's like "we are captives of our own identities, Living in prisons of our own creation." Who would've thought they'd actually Be right about something? So if u drop this, Does thamean we all go back to prison? Don't worry. If this doesn't get in the right hands in one piece, I'm going to be in as bad a spot as you are. Congratulations. What now? Now, I live up to my end of the deal. The vans are going to be here in a half an hour. They're going to be sent to a field office Where you can go through processing. Th is all your transfer paperrk. Get this to an agent schmidt. He's going to be heading up the convoy. I wish I could drive you myself, But I need to get to dallow asap. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm okay. No, he's not. He needs to go to a hospital. All right, I'm going to send an ambulance with the vans. You're going to get the best medical care available. Thank you. No, I should be thanking you. Okay, because of what you've done, Lives are going to be changed forever. Listen, I need a, uh, ambulance to come with the convoy. Sir, what are your orders? Sir? I don't know None of us will ever have To look over our shoulders again. That's the most important thing. No matter what comes next. You're gonna make it, michael. You'll have the operation and, And you'll get through this. Just like we've gotten through everything else. She's worried about you. It's nice to know that the next time I want to drink one of these, I won't have to drink it in this crappy warehouse. I can't even remember being able to sit down at a restaurant Or go to a bl game. God It seems like I've been running forever. But time to stand still. Take in the sun. Salud. I know I'm supposed to be happy right now. I'm still scared. I'm scared we're going to have come all this way And I'm going to lose you anyway. Come here. Come on. Sara Just don't tell me That everything's going to be okay, please. Okay. I won't. I see you brought your friend along. What happened to gretchen? Uh, she got away. So here it is. Oh, my god. Wow. I can't believe it So what's next? Senator dallow? No, I need to tie up some loose ends. Did gretchen and bagwell say anything else about scylla In terms of other buyers? Feng. He's dead. They didn't talk to anyone else? We need to get as many indictments On this thing as possible. Well, bagwell might know. Once we get him in an interview room and offer him a deal, His mouth will start moving. Remember wt I said to you the first y we got here? Yeah, you said that when this was over, We were gonna settle up. We're settled. Michael. It's been an hour. Would you call self and check on that ambulance? Is he not picking up? Maybe something's wrong with the signal. The number you have reached is notn service at this time And there is no new number. What is it? You did really good on this one, miriam. You really held your own. Thank you. Can I take a closer look at that? I'm sorry. What're you talking about? Self. Self.   
                
