Blow Out



                    			Previously on Prison Break: Someone at Homeland Security did an enhanced image search on you today. Who? His name is Don Self. Yes. What do you say you give me that little piece of paper in your hand. From now on, I'm asking that everyone keep their card on them at all times. Where's the bird book? Bird book? Where's the book?! SARA: Someone was following me. Is this the guy? Yeah. Who's that? That's the man who killed my son. Now he's come to kill us. Don't get used to it. SparkleKid, Gate 8. Excuse me. Hi, there. I would like to place some bets, please. Uh, I'd like to place an exacta on Captain Brody and Mister Hooper in the first race. All right. $20, please. Thank you. I think you made a mistake here. I wanted a quinella for Captain Brody and Mister Hooper in the first race. Uh, you gave me an exacta. That's what you told me you wanted. No, it's not what I told you. And I want you to fix it! Sir, I gave you exactly what you asked No, you didn't-- What the hell kind of place is this?! If you'll just calm down, please. I'm not-- Calm down? What-what are you talking about? I want you to fix this. This is-- you gave me the wrong bet. I placed a bet on a quinella on Doctor Brody and Mister Hooper in the first race. Yo, somebody's freaking out on one of the clerks inside. We'll check it out. GUARD: Hey, Louis, we've got a disturbance by the windows. I'm on my way. What the hell kind of place is this anyway?! If you'll just calm down, please. I'm not What, what are you talking about? I want you to fix this! This is-- You gave me the wrong bet. For the first race not an exacta. You gave me an exacta. That's what you told me. I didn't give you CLERK: You're holding up the line. Please, if you don't mind I'm not leaving this place until I talk to the guy CLERK: Sir, if you could just not get hysterical. I'm not getting hysterical! Sir, sir, sir, sir. Hey, you need to calm down. Who the hell are you? I'm the operations manager, all right. Take it easy. Do you run background checks on your employees or do you just let cons work here? Okay, there are no cons working here, all right? Look at her. What is she doing? Ma-Mave-Mave, do you have a record, Mave? MANAGER: Excuse me. Sir, hey! That's enough. Calm down, sir. You're patronizing me. I'm not. I got a problem here. Did you come to help me or did you come to give me a hard time? I came to help you. You came to help me, okay. Excuse me, Miss. Oh. : Oh, my God. Thank you so much. I would have been in so much trouble if I'd lost those. You don't know my boss. He would have gone up one side of me and down the other. Thank you. Any time. Look at her-- Why is she lookin' at me like that? Why are you looking at me like that? Let's not yell at anyone, all right? We'll take care of it.I just need to get I'm not yelling at anyone. Oh, sorry, sir. I'll keep an eye on the monitors. He's heading back. Let's go. How's it look? I'm getting a clear signal. We're all set. Cardholder number four, you're up. Here you go, darling. Yeah. Thanks. The clocker said SparkleKid was edging on the track record at prep. Oh, that's great, honey. Let's go. They're up! ANNOUNCER: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first race of the day here at Los Alamitos. The starters are at the gate and we're ready to go. And they're off and running. What the hell? ANNOUNCER: Oh, we have a stall! It's stuck, it's stuck. The gate's stuck. I'll go talk to the manager. I need to see the manager. Yes, sir. You better have a damn good explanation about what just happened. All right, I'll get back to you. We're looking into it right now, Mr. Edison. Cue up the tape. Now. We've made contact. EDISON: Right there, it's stuck. What happened to his gate?! I-I don't know. : Lewis you better come down here. Not now. We found something on Gate 8 where SparkleKid was placed. I'll be right back. I'm coming with you. Did we get it? Card's all there. You've never jerked a loser before. It's all your fault! GUARD: We're gonna need some backup. Here come the cops. You better go before you get recognized. Someone has to be lookout. I'll take care of it. Go! Go! GUARD: All right, break it up, guys. Let's go! That's enough. Hi, there. Um, excuse me. I was wondering if you could help me. I placed a bet on SparkleKid for my boss. Do you know what happened? Not right now, sweetheart. Okay. My boss had me put more money on him than I make in a week. Um, he's gonna flip out when I tell him about this. I'm really not the right person to ask. Okay, but, here, I put $500 here for Orca's Revenge. Maybe I could You're gonna have to talk to one of the window clerks. But maybe I could add it to that? Look, I-I can't help you, all right? Now, move it along, honey. Okay, um, listen. I'm just trying to ask you a couple questions. Yeah, well, you asked one too many. How about this? Why don't you help me find somebody who could help me sort all this out? How's that? If you don't take your hands off me you're gonna have a lot more to worry about than an angry boss. All right, well, um. You take good care of yourself today, Officer. Excuse me? This is a restricted area, sir. You can't be back here. Yeah, I'm looking for a manager because I'm getting the money back that I bet on the horse that got stuck in the gate. Did you see that one? Yeah. I said you can't be back here! I need back up. What are you doing? Hey! Where's Mahone? He's right there. That's great. He's got the device. Mommy? Go back to your room, okay, sweetheart. Okay. Oh, my God. What happened to you? Hey, sis. We have an issue. Good afternoon to you, too, Andy. I've been reviewing your roster from the Northeast division, and apparently two of your top buyers don't have valid Social Security numbers. Care to explain that? When I'm about to make a sale to a client, I ask myself two questions: "Is the client being helped?" and, "Are we gettin' paid?" There's a reason why I was the top seller in the Northeast. I don't get hung up on the details. And what you're saying is There might be a typo or two in my reports, but I'm pretty sure those checks cleared. Uh-huh. Fair enough. You've had a busy morning, Frank. Unlawful entry, resisting arrest. It's not even lunchtime. You're trying to put the fear of God into me. Mission accomplished. Listen, Sergeant, I know a decent amount about the justice system, enough to know that if you wanted to, you could drop this whole thing and it would save a lot of trouble for everybody, huh? What kind of phone is this? It's a, a Japanese brand. Off market. What about the ankle monitor you're wearing? I've been on the straight and narrow, and it's due to come off in a couple of days. Press your fingers in the ink. I had two grand go up in smoke because of a bum gate. I mean, I got a little upset for a second. You know what I mean? Who wouldn't? Let's talk about this. Should we talk about how you punched an officer first? Or how you tried to flee the scene? Pick a felony. Take him to the holding cell. Come on. SELF: What do you mean he got arrested? W-What happened? It's a long story, but we need you to get Mahone and the device out. Can you do that? What, what do you think, that every time you guys screw up, I can just magically make things disappear? We ain't interested in your excuses. Can you do it or not? Lincoln, y-you know what? I'll call you back. Excuse me. Who are you? What is this? I'm Brian. I work in the IT department. We were getting some registry inconsistencies on the server, so I'm just running a few routine spot checks. So you just barge in here without asking? I have level two clearance. See? It's what I do. I go into people's offices, I fix their computers. I just figured it was better to do it when you weren't here. Well, you know what? You got to go. Don't come back in here. Sure thing. You're all set. So what's the word? Self's on it. On it, as in he's getting Mahone out? He said he'd handle it. What's there to handle? Self yanked us all out of prison for way bigger charges. Getting Mahone out should be easy, shouldn't it? Yeah. Let's concentrate on finding the next cardholder. As soon as we get the device back, we'll move forward. Would you please walk us through what we know so far? Sure. Howard Scuderi runs AgriSow, which is the world's largest agricultural conglomerate. It actually has huge holdings in Laos, which, given the current inflation, means that they are making money hand over fist. "My friends are playing at the park." Sweetheart, why don't you go play in your room for a little bit, okay? How are you feeling? Better. I, I made you a sandwich. Thank you. Um, you never explained what happened. Well, um my car broke down in the middle of the desert, and, uh there was no one around for miles, and my cell phone was dead, Hey, do you still have that owl that I sent from Germany? Yeah. I need to see it. Okay. Thank you. Oh, my God, Gretchen! Is that, is that, that a real gun? It is. You don't work for the IRS? I don't. Who do you work for? As of now? Myself. WYATT: He attended Touro Law School in Long Island. He spent the next 18 years bouncing around the D.O.J. and D.O.D. before being dumped on the doorstep of Homeland in '02. Come in. General. What did you find out? I tried accessing Self's user account, but he has a tricky firewall system in place. There's no easy way to get past it, not without drawing attention. So we still don't know why he's interested in me. Well, uh maybe if you gave me more time. I'll look into it. SELF: Look, he's important to me. Okay, he's doing a job for me. Yeah, well, your CI punched one of my officers in the face. I understand You're lucky he's not being charged with worse. I apologize for him. Okay? Look, I-I'm asking for a favor here, okay, from one badge to another. When was the last time you looked at your badge? 'Cause I'm pretty sure mine says "issued by the City of Los Angeles," not the federal government, so unless you get a court order that Hey, hey! You want to go that route? You want to get smart? Huh? Want to get detained at the Guadalajara airport when you're coming back from visiting your nana? How does that sound? Huh? You ever hear of a no-fly list? That's what my badge could do. Want to see what else it could do? I was starting to worry. Sign these. Yeah. These aren't release papers. Well, I need you to sign that so I can collect your personal They're gonna run my prints, and once they You punched a cop. Yeah, trying to save the mission. Keep your voice down. Okay? I did the best I could do. You need to sign those so I can collect Roland's device. You you want me to give up the one thing that makes me valuable to the team. Yeah, you knew the deal when you came on board. Okay, we all sacrificed a lot to get this far. You want to flush it down the toilet because you made a bad move? Got it. Self got the device. Mahone's still in jail. SUCRE: But Mahone-- he-he's part of the team. Was. Look, I feel just as bad about his kid as everyone else, but we can't blow this mission on one person. SUCRE: Oh, yeah? So if I get popped tomorrow, you guys are just going to forget about me? Yeah. Hey, listen. An assassin is trying to hunt us down, okay? And that T-Bag character is out in the wind with the keys to the castle. We got enough problems without having to worry about this guy's ass in jail. You shut up. SARA: Okay. Alex has an alias, but if they run his prints, they're gonna find out that he's Not if-- when they run his prints, they're going to figure out who he is and that he's not in a supermax like he's supposed to be, and then they're gonna realize we're not Michael. Linc's right. We don't have a choice. We move forward with the plan. Agent Self. I'm an associate of General Krantz. Word has gotten back to the General that you've been pulling information on him. SelfÏÈÉú? Why is that,Mr. Self? I'm Homeland Security. It's my job to protect people who make attractive terrorist targets-- people in upper ranks of military, people like Krantz. Is there a particular threat I should know about? Maybe you can debrief me on the situation. What's your division? You want to give me your clearance level? I'm a hired contractor. Right. Well,I usually don't make a habit of giving civilians who corner me in underground parking structures classified information. Okay? So if the General has a problem,he can call me. Is there something else you want to say to me? I think we got off on the wrong foot. I'm just here to give you a little friendly advice. What's that? The General-- he likes his privacy. That's all. Yes, that was Wyatt. I gotta tell you,I'm not a big fan of almost catching a bullet in my head. Well,now you know what it's like. So,how well do you know Mahone? I know he wants to take down the Company just as much as we do. You also realize he's a major liability. I mean, if Wyatt could find me,he could find Mahone. And then people So get him out. I told you I can't. But I can get to him. I mean,he can be touched. I don't know,maybe Mahone is a stand-up guy. Or maybe he likes to run his mouth to work an angle,I'm not sure. But if need be,I can get rid of that angle. I can eliminate that threat. That's not an option. Oh,yes it is. Okay,because if a choice has to be made between him or us. Hey,Frank. Got some good news. Oh,yeah,what's that? I can cut you a break. As easy as that? Spoke with the manager down at the racetrack. Said you were spotted with another male Caucasian about ten years your junior. That sound about right? Here come the cops. I have no idea what you're talking about. What was it? The two of you were gonna go in there,rob the vault? Grab as much cash and get out? Someone has to be lookout. I'll take care of it. Go! Look. Maybe you got a wife to get home to. Family. If you're willing to give me the name of your accomplice I think we can change your charges. I thought we worked together,you know. Help each other out. You're on your own. You holler if you change your mind. All right,let's talk about the fifth cardholder. The General is requiring all the cardholders to have their cards on them at all times, so Scuderi will have his card,too. Now,Scuderi has major security around his house. Big fence,lots of guard dogs. Where are the documents? These are from the county surveyor's office. It shows the layout of his property, and its proximity to every other house on his street. He has-- surprise,surprise-- a top of the line electronic alarm system that will alert him if there's a breach in the structure. If we cut the power-- the alarm goes off. if we double the power with a voltage spike the alarm system,in order to protect itself against an overload, will shut itself down. And that's how we're getting in. Then what? Look, I know what the score is. It's every man for himself. You get left behind you get locked up. Tough titties. Now, I signed on the dotted line like everyone else and I want to know exactly what I'm doing on this job. I'm with Bellick on this one. You know, maybe we should have a plan for when the cops get here 'cause if Mahone squeals they're gonna come real quick. He's a Fed-- how many deals do you think this guy's made in his life? You think he's just gonna tuck tail between his Shut up. Look, we can sit here and debate what Mahone is or is not gonna do for the rest of the day, but it comes down to this: we cannot break him out of a police station. One two three, four, five, six-- No. Too big. : One, two, three, four, five Eight by ten. This is the lowest gauge I could get. It's perfect. Cool. I guess, uh I guess we're gonna leave him in jail. Is that a statement or a question? It's just if something happens to Alex-- if, uh, if the Company finds him If the roles were reversed and you were the one locked up, you really think Alex would risk it all to get you out? I mean, I don't know. But he was a federal agent. I think he'd finish what he started. I think he'd bring the Company down. Can I help you with something? Yes, I-I'm here to see Frank Zwan. I'm a family friend. OFFICER: I'm afraid you can't see him right now. He's about to be transferred for his arraignment. Actually, I'd like to be there for moral support. Hello? Michael. Alex, look, I'm sorry. He found me. Wyatt-- He showed up at the station house where they're holding me. I don't know how he did it. I don't know how he figured it out. Let me call Agent Self. No, Michael, listen No, maybe he can get you moved. It's-it's over for me. It's done. It's-- and I'm not gonna say anything about anything. But you need to promise me something, okay? -Okay, what? -Promise me that you will get to Wyatt and you'll kill the son of a bitch. And then you'll call Pam and you'll tell her that he's gone. All right. I promise. All right. You ready to go? Michael? I'm his wife. I'm sorry, I'm-I'm still in shock. I'll be down this afternoon. Thank you. Who are you? I just have some things I need to take care of. You don't need to worry. You have this switch inside you. I don't know how you could just shut yourself off. You did it when Mom died. Did it with Emily. Did it with me. I do it because it's it's just who I am. No, it's not. You used to be I have to go. But thank you for everything. So, you're not here to take her? If I was capable of being her mother, I wouldn't have given you custody. You be a good girl, okay? Bye, Emily. Bye, Auntie. I love you. Will we see you again? I don't know. Call me if it goes south. Hey,honey.it's me.i'm at the grocery store. I was planning to make those grilled pork chops, unless you're not in the mood for them. I hope you're having a great day. Hey, what are you guys doing? We'll call you when we're done. Wait. Where are you guys? Almost ready. You have a problem. What's that? What can I do you for? I just-- I've found some more inconsistencies in your sales reports. Actually, many more. In fact kind of looks like fraud, actually. I knew you were rotten from the beginning. I want you in my office in five minutes to walk me through this, and if you can't, well, I'm gonna call the authorities. What are you doing? Nice knowing you, sugar. Cole, wait. I was traveling abroad when he passed away. Again, I'm very sorry. Is this your husband? Yes. I need to see some identification so I can sign over his personal belongings to you. So you and your spouse had different last names? That's correct. I realize this is an inconvenience, but I need to see other documentation proving you were married. Do you have any idea what I've been through? I'm sorry, ma'am. Rules are rules. WO Hey, Mr. Pfeiffer, this is Crystal from Instahomes getting back to you. Just wanted to let you know that your security deposit check cleared and your one bedroom is ready. Thank you. Hi, I'm, uh, representing Frank Zwan. I'm going to need his jacket from you. I've been informed he's going indigent. Uh, he was. His mother in Santa Barbara, however, is not, and she retained me this morning. Be my guest. Much obliged. Five. Four. Three. Sir. Two. Please take a seat. One. One. Everybody out! Just make your way to the exits in an orderly fashion. All right,Let's get out of here. I don't know if, uh, you guys did this for the team or if you did it for me, and I don't care. I just Thank you. Yes. I got your message. I was wondering when you were going to call. You told my wife you wanted me to turn myself in. So, uh, why don't you tell me where to go and I'll meet you? Let's get this over with. This thing is far from over, Alex. First I find Sara Tancredi here, then you. Seems like there's a great deal of things for us to talk about. Oh, no. No. There's only one thing for you and I to discuss. You worked for the Company once, Alex. You should know better than to take things so personally. I'm gonna wrap this up, just in case you decided to trace this call, but I promise you We will meet again, and when we do, I'm going to show you just how personal things can get. Oh, yeah. Cole Pfeiffer. What you gonna do now? Who the hell are you?   
                
