Cowboys and Indians



                    			Previously on Prison Break When were you planning on telling me that your mother was behind you on this? You have today, one day. When Burrows brings Scylla back to us, you will be the one to put a bullet in his brain. Naveen Banerjee, the son of Prime Minister Nandu Banerjee. Soon, this will all be behind us, and maybe I can meet my grandson. Where's Linc?! There's an energy conference. The Panda Bay Hotel. He'll be there. Christina's plan what she needed to profit from Scylla, an incident that'll domino into global warming. No! They rented this in Linc's name. Look at this. - It's a setup! His hands are all over the shells. Lincoln's right back where he started. It really is too bad about Michael. We gotta go. I need a doctor here! There they are! They're up there! They're up there! Let's go upstairs, now! Move it, move it! Look, let's just blend into the crowd. No, we can't go that way. The door is locked, Michael. Stand back. This whole thing is falling apart. Is it? Is it really? What, do you think this is funny? Huh? How long you think it's gonna take before the General sees this on the news? If he thinks we can't get Scylla, how long do you think it's gonna take before he comes after us? And then he comes after our families? Yeah, it's really funny, isn't it? Michael, where are you? We're still in the hotel. Is there any other way to get out of here without being seen? No, there's cops and feds all over the place. Did you get Scylla? No. Some guy got assassinated. And guess who got set up for it. We need Scylla. Scylla is gone! The only thing I care about right now is getting out of here. Oh, yeah? Where you gonna go, Michael, huh? With the Company breathing down our back again. Scofield, it's Don. What do you want? To try to fix this. How? By stabbing us in the back again? Put Alex on. He's a little preoccupied right now. Look, you want to be mad at me, be mad at me after we get Scylla back. Now listen to me. Okay, the southwest loading dock is a large industrial door. It's not conducive to a quick exit. They only have one cop on it. When you get to the door, I can incapacitate the cop. Problem is, we're on the other side of the hotel, and they've got the ground floor covered. What else can you see on the outside? Nothing, just the cop, a couple of Dumpsters, jack pallets and some laundry bins. That must mean the on-site laundry's on the other side of the hotel, near the loading dock door. If we get to the laundry, we can get to the door. You said we can't make it across the hotel. But we can get access to the roof. Hotels use rooftop ventilation, so the hotel guests don't smell the laundry fumes. Okay, so, listen, take the ventilation system to the laundry room; if you can get to the laundry room, you're gonna get right by the door. Put me on speaker. Alex, you want to get The Company off our backs? Go to 4 Dunn Place. Sara's holding my mother there. Make her tell us where Scylla is. And clear our names in all this. Mahone, you need to do whatever you gotta do to get her to talk, you hear me? Do whatever you gotta do. Got it. Come on. It is complete mayhem at the Panda Bay Hotel where Naveen Banerjee, the son of India's Prime Minister, has been assassinated. Amazingly, there have been unconfirmed reports identifying the assailants as none other than Lincoln Burrows, the man who'd been suspected of murdering Terrence Steadman, and Michael Scofield, his mastermind brother Christina sandbagged all of us! If the brothers are caught, we have no control over what they might say to the authorities. Get down to that hotel and make sure they don't have that opportunity. Uh, General, I'd be more than willing to take on that assignment. And I assure you I will dispatch of it efficiently. This is not an Alabama coon hunt, Teddy. Don't judge me by desperate actions I've taken when there's been a gun to my head. I ran an entire prison gang syndicate. Hardened felons called me "Mister." I'm so much more than a snitch. And if you continue to treat me as such, it will be your loss, General, not mine. Son, I have the fate of a multi-trillion dollar enterprise in my hands, and you want me to let you earn your stripes now?! Take care of the brothers. Here we go! Here we go! This should be it. Perfect. They say ours should be here shortly. I want you guys on full alert and get all geared up, all right? It's them! Stop! They could be on any floor. Can you override the door locks? Yeah, they're electronic. We control everything from down here. I want every room in this hotel locked down now! Why don't we just take the stairs to the roof? Because we'll set off the fire alarm. The ducts in the crawl spaces above these top floor rooms, that's how we get our rooftop access. Once we find the laundry vent, we take that down to the loading dock. That should do it. Go! Go! What's going on? They locked us out. We can't get to the roof. Let's head back down. There'll be cops in the stairwell. We can't go up, we can't go down We're trapped. There has been a new development in the Panda Bay assassination. An anonymous source has provided FOX with documents showing a wire transfer from Chinese operatives to Burrows and Scofield. The fallout from this from a geopolitical standpoint is staggering. Relations between China and India Nandu reached out. He wants to meet with you. This couldn't have worked out better. Nice audible on the Chinese document. Thank you. Now we just watch the dominoes begin to fall. I just wish they weren't falling on Michael. Christina, you gave him options, he made his choice, he picked his side. Yes, but he is my son. My only son. And right now it is believed both Burrows and Scofield are still in the hotel, but it appears the police are closing in. Live just outside the Panda Bay Hotel No, no, no, you see, that's the problem, Michael. There's cops everywhere. It's like a freaking cop anthill out here. Look, it's just a matter of time till they find you anyway. Find out what their plan of attack is. Sure, you know what? Yeah, I'll just go up and ask them, all right? They look like a real friendly bunch. We don't have much time, so get it done now! Burrows and Scofield could be armed to the teeth. It's tight quarters in the stairwell, so I don't want a lot of shooting, all right? This guy's from Homeland Security. I'll file my report as soon as I've apprehended the shooters. Whoa, whoa, let me be clear here, Captain. The shooting that happened today wasn't your typical gangbanger, public service killing you're used to here in Miami. This was an international assassination with ramifications that directly affect the security of this country. So, if you turn your back on me again, I'll jam you up for hindering a federal investigation. You understand? Fine. But I want you on my hip. I'm not gonna have you running around playing weekend warrior so you can go back to your buddies at the office and tell them you saw some real gun play, understood? Not a problem. Now, why don't you start by telling me how you're gonna diffuse the situation? We're gonna gas them out floor by floor until we find them. Whoa, hold on there, Tex. If you use gas you're gonna compromise visibility, and I can't afford another diplomat getting shot in the fez. We're using chloropropane. It's colorless, it's odorless. They won't even know what hit them. All right, listen up. I want two men in the east stairwell with the gas, two at the base of the west stairwell in case they try to come back down again. I'll have backup detail ready, all right? Let's go, move, move! Sara? Oh, my God. Sara. Sara, you hurt? You okay? I'm fine. Christina's gone. There's a knife in the last drawer. Do you have any idea where she went? No. She has Scylla. She set up Linc and Michael. She could be anywhere. Michael and Lincoln? Yeah, they were framed for the murder of an Indian official. It's all over the news. That was Christina's plan, and Where are they now? They're trapped at the Panda Bay Hotel. The police are looking for them. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! You can't go there. The cops are everywhere. - I really need you to get out of my way. Well, that's not gonna happen. You don't care for me, I don't care for you much either, but I owe Michael, okay? Run. He's in a sea of trouble right now. - I'm not abandoning him. I'm not telling you to abandon him. There's nothing you can do for him. Listen, I'd run if I could run. But if I run, they go after my wife, so I have to jump back in. You don't. I'm not running. I'll stay here, okay? That way, Michael knows where I am. So does Christina. If she wanted me dead, I would be already. Suit yourself. Alex? Thanks. And if you see Michael, tell him I'm here. Yeah. I know how difficult this must be for you. Mr. Prime Minister, I, too, lost a son when he was just a child. Was your son murdered by an assailant's bullet? Of course not. I've heard the news that the Chinese are behind this. Yes, I've heard that as well. And that's why I'm here. Not to discuss how my son died, but how to avenge him. Your technology-- as you put it-- I've heard rumors of its varied applications. Nandu, let's take a breath here. No! The time to take a breath expired when my son died. Your son and I had planned to use the technology for humanitarian endeavors. Warfare applications were not our goal. But now they are mine, and at the end of the day, you're a businesswoman with a product and I am a buyer. I want to commit to all the intellectual property you possess. I want the People's Republic of China to feel the pain I feel right now! Do you comprehend the ramifications of what it is you're proposing? More than you know. If it is what you want. I must go now to make arrangements for your payment and arrangements for my child's burial. Yeah? Congratulations. You're famous again. You're all over the news for killing Gandhi. I figured as much. Yeah, well, it gets worse. They're gonna gas you out. When? They already started. They're going floor-by-floor. They're about at the third or fourth floor right now. Why are you just telling me about this now? I had to leave the lobby. I can't make anybody more suspicious. Hello, Michael? Michael? Linc, I need your help. When I was in fourth grade, I I got an A for guessing all the answers on this test. I never thought I'd beat those odds. What kind of loser gets set up for two high-profile assassinations within five years? Are you kidding? This is not your fault. If they didn't get away with it then, they're not gonna get away with it now. But I need you to focus. I need your help, Linc. Right. Let's get out of here. Darrin Hooks, Homeland Security. Can you point me to whoever's in charge here? Homeland? How many of you guys are they sending here? Agent Self's already inside. Who? Agent Don Self. Got here a little while ago. Yeah, it's Hooks. The name of that agent that was supposedly killed recently in L.A.? Was his name Don Self? It's all falling out exactly as Christina planned it. Now she's going to have everything she ever hoped for. She's trying to reignite the 1962 China-India Border War which ended in an uneasy truce when neither country could withstand the losses they were sustaining in those remote and desolate mountains. If she succeeds in provoking another war, and framing China for the killing of India's Prime Minister's son, it's certainly provocation enough. She'll set off a military conflict that will last for decades that may never be resolved. Why didn't you do it yourself? Power, money, seem to be things you love. Because if India's involved, that drags in Pakistan. Then Russia's gonna want to defend its borders. Then within a year, Europe's in it and after that, the United States. It's an apocalypse in which everyone loses! And Christina has always been too prideful and too unstable to accept it. Got it. Can I help you? Hi. Yes, I think you can. Agent Self. Donald Self? Agent Darrin Hooks. It's good to see you. It's good to see you, too. Hold it. Hold it right there. Don't move. What the hell are you doing, Hooks? You always pull guns on fellow agents? Yeah, when agents that are supposedly dead and are found later in a hotel with the guys that killed him. You mind telling me what you're doing here with Burrows and Scofield? My cover called for me to be dead, okay? People were catching on to what we were doing, and my death freed me up But Burrows and Scofield have been set up, okay? There's no record of you in covert ops. That was by design. Look, when this is all over, we'll call the home office, I'll punch in my clearance code, you can buy me a couple of drinks, and we'll share some laughs about this. But right now I need to do my damn job. No. You're gonna follow and we're gonna clear this up right now. Okay, but what I said about Scofield and Burrows is true. They've been set up. You need to look into this. Oh, I'm gonna look into everything as soon as we get outside. Let's go. Did you clear the loading dock doors? No, but someone else did. What do you mean? Someone must've taken him out. Which means there's someone in the hotel other than the police that's looking for you. Linc, we got to move. Got more than just the cops after us now. Whoa, whoa. You know what you're doing? No. Let's go. Captain Hutchinson! We've got a room breach on 16. This is Hutchinson. Scofield and Burrows are on 16. I repeat, Scofield and Burrows are on 16. Go, go, go! Move, move, move! This way. Make sure the door can shut. We need the pressure to build. They're coming. They're coming! We're on 16. Copy that. On my mark. Go. # # Backup detail! Move! Go, go, go, go! Move, move, move! Go, move! Move, move! What the hell happened? They booby-trapped us. They made a move for the roof. All right, get them to a hospital. All right. Let's go! Move, move, move! Stop right there! Don't make a move for that weapon, Burrows. Take the masks off. Take them off now! Hands behind your head. You'd better pray to God that my men are found out all right. It was a concussive blast. They're just unconscious. Shut up. Easy! Easy. And I'd follow that advice about not going for your guns. The General would like you back at the office. Now. Did all go well at the hotel? What's going on with Sara and my mother? Christina escaped. Sara's okay. She's in the condo. Excuse me, would you boys like a little alone time to catch up? What exactly do you expect from us? You need to take responsibility for your failures. Hey, we failed nothing. This whole thing was a setup. You know it. - Lincoln Burrows was outsmarted. Who could have anticipated that? I think you need to accept that this is over. I've been holding a chip for far too long. It's time to play it. I made you boys a promise. You would find Scylla and I would see to it you got some cash and had the slate wiped clean. I intend to keep that promise. However, if I keep one promise, I have to keep them all. Now I wonder who the big winner will be. Don't do this. - Don't do what? When I sent you those envelopes, I wasn't just playing games. I made it very clear that you had one day to accomplish your job, or there would be consequences. What's that? The consequence. Call our man in Queens. Queens? What are you calling New York for? Put it on speaker, please. Yes. - Move on subject four. I'm a block away. ETA is less than two minutes. You son of a bitch. You son of a bitch! My wife is a defenseless woman. Mr. Self didn't inform you that he had a wife, did he? Well, I wouldn't talk about my wife either if I'd had a few too many bourbons, got behind the wheel, and turned a beautiful young woman into a piece of broccoli. Don't do anything. I assume that is why you tried to run away with Scylla? To screw a government that was giving you benefits that would only pay for a county facility overlooking the Belt Parkway, and to sell it so that you and she could disappear and be hidden forever. C'est la vie. I have the subject in sights. She's in a wheelchair under a tree in the hospital courtyard. Do I have a go? Please don't do this. Okay, please, you can kill me, okay, you can kill me right now, please, kill me. You don't need to do this; we'll get Scylla. That's what I wanted to hear. Well, that's what we're trying to do! We're getting it. But you have to know what awaits you and your loved ones if you don't. We understand, okay? Execute the order. - Please don't do it! Oh, my God, oh, my God! Get help, hel--! I believe you made a request. Bagwell, make sure he's dead. Does everyone understand now? Are we all on the same page? Good. Let's get down to business. Three-quarters of a billion dollars in a numerical account in Luxembourg. If you are still worried about humanitarian efforts, write a check to UNICEF. All the data will be delivered within 24 hours. That's what I expected. You played it perfectly. Reach out to our contact in China. I have a feeling they may be interested in what we're selling as well. Christina, I don't advise playing both sides of this coin. Pigs get fat and hogs get slaughtered. Reach out to China. No! Keep our people at every private airfield in Florida and in Georgia. We can't have Christina leaving the state. She played on India's emotions, which probably means she'd want to meet with one of their emissaries today while they're still running hot. She could still be in Miami, maybe at the embassy. No, she's not at the embassy. Any deal she makes with India will be strictly off the radar. Right now she's concerned with two things. One is closing the deal on Scylla, which I'm assuming she's already done, and the second is getting paid. No sign of Self. How much can she get for Scylla? Half a billion from India, the same from China. Overseas account? Foreign wire transfer? I doubt she's taking any food stamps. She's going to want confirmation that that money is safely overseas before she leaves the U.S. We find the money, we find my mother. Normally it takes three business days for an international wire transfer to clear, unless the bank is a Federal Reserve signatory, in which case the transfer is immediate. You think she'll head to the bank? All she has to do is withdraw a few grand from the millions that that buyer has probably transferred overseas already. She'll know it's all there. So let's find a Federal Reserve signatory bank in Miami. We'll have a shot at finding her. And Scylla. There, Michael, you see, that's why I didn't put your name in the bowl. You're the only one here that's irreplaceable. Agents, informants, muscle-- they're nice to have, but finally they're replaceable. There's a branch about 20 minutes away. That mind of yours-- it's one in a million. Nice to see it finally working for me. I do not work for you. Not yet. It's legitimate, I assure you. Oh, okay. I just want to withdraw the $10,000 so I can be sure the Luxembourg account is properly set up. Well. Is she in there? Yeah, I saw her through the window. She's talking to a tall, dark-haired guy. They're the same guys who set us up at the hotel. We wait until she comes out, just jump. - So what do we do about her security? I mean, we jump her, we gotta jump the guys she's with, and God knows how many other agents are gonna come crawling out of the woodwork like ants. Look, um I hate to bring up the obvious, but last time I checked, you two still disagreed as to what to do with Scylla if we actually get it. Yeah, that's what I thought. Well, let's skip the damn thing. I mean, who's gonna stop us? A 17-year-old security guard? No, probably the guy with the gun. He'll open fire as soon as he sees our faces. Then, uh maybe they shouldn't see our faces. So then the pizza guy showed up, and Wayne jumped out of the bushes and tried to grab the pizza, but the but the guy My God. Are you okay, mister? Yeah. Go call 911. Go, go. - No. No, don't call anyone. Okay? Don't call anybody. Don't call anyone. You know, once baby brother's got his little hands on that magic box of yours, I don't think it's going to be too hard for him to trick Magilla Gorilla, if you know what I'm saying. No, I don't. And you really think that Scofield's going to risk his nephew's life? He's gonna figure out something before he hands first prize over to the bad guys. Scofield thinks pure, like a little Cub Scout. Burrows, he just thinks like a cub. He's right. I don't feel comfortable having Scofield out there with something I want while I'm stuck here with nothing he wants. I need leverage. You saw the way Mahone pulled Scofield over when they first got here. Bet you a wooden nickel they was talking about little Dr. Underpants and her whereabouts. Too bad we don't know where that is. Wrong again, Curly. While everyone was up here flapping their gums, I took the liberty of toddling down to Mahone's car, checking out the last address he put in his GPS. There's a gambler's chance we might find the leverage you're looking for right here. I'm on it. No. You wanted to get in on the action, here's your chance. Okay, I'll just count this out for you. That won't be necessary. All righty. Here's a printed record of your transaction, and I think a balance that high, are you sure you don't want to talk to one of our investment specialists? No, thank you. Everybody down on the ground! Now! Nobody move, nobody gets hurt. You, down. Oh! What are the odds? Don't. The case. I'll take that. Hi, Mom. Scofield and Burrows leaving the bank, now! Take Scylla and go! We gotta stay together! I said go! Come on! I think he's out. Move in. Move in. After today's events, how much egg does the U.S. court system have on its face for exonerating Lincoln Burrow? in the first place. - An omelet's worth, Paula. If you remember I was never in favor of the exoneration. Lincoln Burrows is a thug for hire, and his little brother is no better. I'm amazed that the court system just glossed over the warning signs. Such as? - For one, they should've never let Burrows and Scofield in the same prison. They should've looked at Scofield's past. It's clear that he had no criminal background. Why would a brilliant structural engineer rob a bank? Maybe he needed to pay off his student loans. It wasn't about the money. What do you think the judicial system is going to learn from all this? This has been a huge wake-up call for the courts. Judges will have to look all the relationships in his life Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. Easy now, Doc, easy. It's just your friendly, neighborhood T-Bag. Now I'm gonna need your cooperation. Get your hands off me, you son of a - Hand, not hands, thanks to your boyfriend. Now, as I was saying before, I just need your cooperation. All right. All right. He's taking too long. Something's wrong. We gotta go back for him. He said he'd catch up. No, something's wrong. Call him. Call him. Michael, now that we have this, what the hell are we going to do with it? He's not answering. Linc? I heard about the bank robbery on the radio. You boys just can't stand to be out of the news, can you? I assume you've got Scylla? We're getting close. We'll keep you posted. I wouldn't hang up just yet if I were you, son. Michael, we're in the apartment. I know you have it. Otherwise, Christina would never have risked a public shootout. Now, I'm going to make this easy for you, bring me Scylla, or this time, Sara's death will not be faked. What is it? What is it? The General has Sarah. Take it. I swear if you touch her Hello, son. I believe you have something I want. And I have something you want-- although I'll never really understand why. All right, maybe we can work something out. I gave you the opportunity to work something out. You rejected me, Michael. Look, let's meet and talk about this. Now the time for talking passed about the time you put those ski masks on, don't you think? So, here's what I'm going to do, Michael. I'm going to shoot Lincoln through the right rib cage, just grazing the lower quadrant of his right lung. It will slowly collapse, making it very difficult to breathe. If he doesn't get medical attention, within five hours, he'll be dead. Christina Mom please Linc! Second hand's spinning, Michael. Looks like you have a little decision to make. Scylla or someone you love.   
                
