The Legend



                    			Previously on prison break: If you're successful with obtaining scylla, You'll not only avoid jail time, but you could take great pride In knowing you helped dismantle this country's greatest threat To its own democracy. If you're killed while doing so, A proper funeral will be provided. Gretchen has the rest of the pages. We can't go any further until she gives them back. Why are we doing this again? It's an insurance policy. You put a gun on me again, And these aren't the only set of prints I'll be copying. Mike! Michael, what's wrong? Talk to me! Michael? I want syclla out of los angeles by the end of the day tomorrow. Brad, get out of there! Push it! Don't do this! Brad, no! If anything should happen, Call my mom in chicago. Nothing's going to happen. Where's brad's body now? We got it on its way to the morgue, And it's in the cooler At homeland security where nobody can find it. That ain't part of the deal. You said if anything happened to us, That we'd be returned to next of kin. No. That's not exactly what I said. No, that is exactly what you said. No, it isn't exactly what I said, okay? And he needs to stay a john doe until I say otherwise. Okay? I'm dealing With enough stuff already, and I've had my ass chewed out He's got He's got a mother, you know. If you want scylla, and I assume you still do, Brad bellick's body goes home to his mother. All right, all right. All right, I'm gonna take care of the body. But you guys Need to get out of mourning. Okay, we need to get back to work. You need to pack brad's stuff up, And we need to get back to work. And Fernando, My friend, let me tell you something. If you ever put your hands on me again, I promise you, okay, There's gonna be two bodies in the fridge. But I need results. Yeah, well, I need to see those missing pages. So, what's it gonna be? I heard you were dead. Who told you that? A little bird. That's awfully generous of you. It's all a matter of timing. The company is moving scylla to a bunker in pennsylvania. When? Tomorrow. You want to make sure to mention that On the phone right away, as soon as You know, for an ex-employee, You sure seem to know an awful lot about current company business. Don't get paranoid. I'm keeping one ear to the ground for your benefit, Which is a really good reason to work with me and not against me. All right, you know what? We got our pages. Let's go. That's enzen from transpo. He's responsible for the power transfer. And you know powell. He's supervising The security override. It's a big job. Perhaps we should call in david baker. Just to be safe. That won't be necessary. We can do this all in-house, huh? And scylla will be gone by morning. I promised brad I would call his mom if anything happened. I'll do it if you want. No, it's okay. I'll do it. Look at this. He kept a badge from the police benefit. When he was a co in Fox River, He-he failed the test to get into the academy Five times. These are right, right? Thisis a map of the company's basement, right? I don't know. It looks too simple. I assumed it would be a lot more complicated than this. These symbols-- they're They don't make any sense, and the letters, uh There's just something wrong. This letter c-- It usually designates some kind of heating vent. The m designates a meter. This is some sort of condensing unit. This is a plumbing part. It's called a p-trap. They're all completely dissimilar items. Logical design dictates they'd never Be installed that randomly. It just, um It doesn't make sense. "c," "m," "e." "c," "m," "e." C, m, e. C M E. That's "see me." These letters don't make any sense If you think of them as symbols, But they do if you think of them literally. "do you see me?" he's asking If you see him. Where? Here. David baker? Yeah, but who besides you two, would come up With something like that, huh? I mean, what's the point? I don't know, But we're never going to figure this blueprint out If we can't find the person who drew it. We need david baker. Hello, darling. Good morning. Here is your coffee-- one sugar, two creams. And those fingerprints you ordered. Gretchen's? Yes. Gretchen louise morgan. How did you pull off a thing like that? I have a friend who works with the chips. But don't get too excited. There's not much there. Gretchen louise morgan. west virginia. Her sister lives in riverside. Daddy deceased. Award-winning equestrian. Iraqi war vet. I'll be damned. Clean-cut chick. At least on paper. But I don't see any evidence That she's related to chinese organized crime. No husband in beijing? No prior arrest for extortion? Nope. No mention of any of our friends? Hmm. I checked. No Scofield, no burrows, no Whistler. Whistler? How do you know that name? James Whistler? I heard Scofield mention him one day. What day? The day that I met him. In what context? I-i don't remember. Why? What's the big deal? Who is he? Nobody. That will be all for now. Here's another one-- david allen baker. He's an advisor to the city planning commission. Won an award for designing low-income housing. Wife is named elaine, and there's The address. I'll print a map. All right, we still Need that sixth card, all right? Really? All right. We've got at least 30 more yards to go Past the water main before we get to the company building. Michael, michael, see that? That looks like it could be Some sort of obstruction in the tunnel. Whatever it is, whatever it takes, We got to get through that in the next few hours. I want you guys to go down there and get started. Sara and I will go and look for, uh For david baker. And bellick gets back to his mom. Yeah, and when we get scylla, We're walking away from this crap. Absolutely. Sara Michael? Michael. I'm okay. You got him. Where you gonna take him? Hospital. Come on, guys, let's not freak out, all right? Calm down. This is my decision, And not yours, and we're going to the hospital. Well, what's wrong with him? David baker. I'll go. I'll find him. Listen, don't forget to use your fake id at the hospital, though. Shut the door. Okay. Mr. White? If you'd allow me to be nosy, How long has Trishanne been part of the organization? Temp agency sent her over About a week before you got here. If you don't mind, I'd like to take a look At her application. I always make a point of checking out the background Of anyone who deals with my personal affairs. I understand. I'll talk to hr. Thank you. Hey, uh, cole, you know what? Um, today around noon, I really need you To step in for Andrew Blauner. Host an intro. New franchises from idaho. We got to knock 'em out. I'd like to see some of that Cole Pfeiffer magic. Abracadabra. Excuse me, sir? Are you a salesman? Yes, indeedy I am. What can I do for you? Well, I can see that you're busy, But I didn't want you to be the last to know. Scylla is moving. Come back? Don't worry. We're gonna stick to our original plan. What exactly is the plan? We wait. Wait? Yes. Okay, have you ever heard of noodling? I don't believe so. Well, then, what kind of hillbilly are you, really? I'll explain it to you. Noodling Is when a foolhardy bastard swims To the bottom of a muddy riverbed And he sticks his hand down into the deepest, Darkest hole. He's looking for a prize catfish. Now, sometimes the catfish does live there, And the noodler pulls it out With his bare hand and he drags it ashore, But sometimes, he reaches in that hole And he finds a snapping turtle. Bites his hand clean off. Scofield's a noodler. Yes, and if he reaches Into the company hole and he finds scylla, We take it and we sell it to feng. If he gets a turtle, well Not our hand. The contractors are here. What the hell are you doing here? I'm a client. You're a client, huh? Just keep it down; keep it down. It's all part of the ruse. We need some help. I'm already Providing my services, white-collar style, all right? Where's, where's pretty and the fatman? Bellick's dead. If you joke about it, I'll rip your tongue out. Let's go, linc. Sorry to bother you, But I'm an internist and I brought my husband in. He's in and out of consciousness And he's got some symptoms that concern me. I'd be really grateful if we could see a neurologist. Does he have insurance? I don't have the card, But, um, I have his i.D. No, just fill this out. Okay, thank you. Mr. Freling? Mr. Freling. Yes, that's That's me. Is it always low? A little. Has anyone in your family ever suffered From epilepsy, stroke, tias, any neurological disorder? My mom. Okay. Jimmy, take this gentleman back to bay four. Why are we relocating? The scylla's security is the foundation Of this entire organization. I realize that, But have you thought about the ramifications? If we lose critical access, It could compromise our timeline on stage two. The plates and the facility are ready To print as much currency as we need At any time. When will scylla be installed in pennsylvania? Lisa, what's our timeline? Actually, there's been a bit of a problem. Dismantling the security Surrounding scylla is a bit tricky. It may take longer than we thought. How much longer? I can make this happen right now. Yes,general. Go get david baker. Yes, sir. Yes? Uh, hello, I'm, uh, I'm looking for a mr. David baker. He's not taking any new projects Right now. Actually, I had some Some questions about something That he worked on a few years ago. Are you familiar with a project called scylla? I'm working! This man would like to talk to you about scylla. You're company? Yes, sir. I'm in logistics, and I'd like to ask you some questions About your original design. It's been a long time since I thought about that. Be lucky to remember anything. Looks like you're pretty busy. Do you mind if I take a look? You know, bellick saved my life. What? Back when we were in prison in panama. T-bag went crazy, he, he went nuts. What happened? He lit Sona on fire, told everyone to run. They can't shoot us all, he said. It was a stampede, bro, i I was down getting trampled. I, I couldn't get up, I couldn't breathe, I thought I was going to die But then something pulled me back to my feet. It was bellick. He saved my life. That wall's got to come down?! Unless you got a better idea. Okay. What was that? I don't know. I think I stepped on something. What's going on, linc? I don't know, man. It's some kind of explosive. Explosive? Then shouldn't I be dead? If you move will be. They're underground, They gonna not be able to reach you. And you know what, they'll be fine without you. Right. You ever heard of Fox River? Maybe we could talk about it over dinner. I got a gift card to the red lobster Over off the interstate. I never thought the guys would be so sad for brad bellick. A lot of things have changed since Fox River. You know you can't control this. It's funny, I was just about to tell you the same thing. Whatever it is, we can manage it. We just need to know what we're dealing with. What if I don't want to know? Kevin freling? Should only take a few minutes. You ready? I'm ready. My goal is to build one city that entirely self-sustains, Depending on no outside resources. A community living entirely in harmony. How close is it to becoming a reality? Well, that's a matter of opinion. People look at something Like this and they think it's impossible. In reality, I could make it happen tomorrow. Like what they built in dubai. Exactly-- grand ideas Brought into reality. This won't just serve the rich. How long have you been working for them? Too long. I came in in '94. I was never good at collecting a paycheck. Always freelance. Partially retired all the time. I like to finish a job and then move on. Put it in the past. Do you always leave your name behind, Instead of the correct specifications? Only on the scylla project. Well, we're considering modifications and I was hoping that you Could help me figure out What should really appear on those blueprints. As of right now, they don't mean much. Didn't you read the legend? Sure. But we still had a lot of trouble. You're not company. What should I do? Stay calm. Calm?! You just said I'm standing on a bomb! We'll work it out. You think gretchen set us up? "the lessons Taught by our founder, mister" "Harvey hall." "pathway to personal freedom." Do people actually buy this nonsense? Let go of me. You're coming with me or through that glass. Choose. Place of business. Gate allows us to find the pathway To personal freedom. Define our boundaries. See past them. Let me tell you a story about the founder Of this great program. You know, I'm gonna tell you a better story About captivity than the regular old spiel. Years back, I was providing volunteer leadership In a local penitentiary. I worked with the head guard, A big, burly, bowlegged brat. Mean as the devil. All the prisoners were afraid of him, even the murderers. And one day, brad said to me, "cole, I want you to get out of here. "i want you to get out of here right now, 'cause I can tell you're a man who loves freedom." And I said, "well, what about you, brad? What about you?" He said, "oh, yeah, I'm I'm I'm gonna be free someday when I retire." I recently got the news that he had passed away. And where was he? Still in that prison. Still in the captivity of negativity. Sorry, folks. Old brad. As my papa used to say, "stand by, your glasses steady, "and drink to your comrade's eyes. "here's a toast to the dead already, And hurrah for the next to die." I needed to make sure That I would have access to your test results, So I told the triage nurse That I was your wife. Has a nice ring. Are you kevin freling? Yes, I am. I'm dr. Malden. I'm a neurologist. And you're Cameron eberline. I'm a An internist. Do you have the results? It's gonna take a little while. Uh, looking at the family history, I'd like to admit you here. We're working on a room. Just for now, Until we get the test results back. I don't think that'll be necessary, but thank you. It would be best if you could rest Where you could be monitored. After that, we'll determine What the best course of action is. Agreed? I think we have to go. I'm sorry. Hold on, hold on-- how long How long will it take To get the results? Couple of hours. But we'll get you in a room before then. Just wait here. Thank you. Come on. You know what happens? They take over your life. You don't own it anymore. That is not what happened to me. Then, somehow you stayed out of trouble. You did what they told you to do. Maybe that's why you stuck around, huh? Right here in los angeles. In my case, they had something on me, And they used it and they never let me go. They've killed hundreds, thousands of people In the pursuit of power, you know that. We lost a good man yesterday trying to stop them. They hurt a lot of people, david. David. Look I stay out of the politics. It was a job. I specialized in security engineering. The scylla project was a choice assignment, so I took it. They told you what it was, didn't they? They told you what it was, and now You wish that you never helped them, but you're trapped. You're trapped like I was. You talk like it's all in the present. It is! I know you want to move on. Look at what you're doing. Are you trying to make up for something? Forget the charitable city of the future, And worry about the world that you live in right now, david. What they did-- what they're doing-- Is not my fault. You put your name in there for a reason. You wanted someone to find you, And if you tell me what I need to know, I can do something for both of us. Where is your husband? He went to run some errands-- he should be right back. That's his car in the driveway, isn't it? Just a moment. I'll call him on his cell. Excuse me£¿ You knew about this, didn't you? First of all, I have no idea Why the company would want To put an explosive device Of any kind under their own building. We're under the courtyard. And you know what, I honestly had no idea That any of this was even here. That being said These look a lot like jz33 anti-personnel blast mines. Back in fallujah, The muj used to bury them outside their firm base. Get rid of them. I'm no expert, but I have an idea. What's beeping? It beeps! Wow, you must've stepped on this just right. Your weight is evenly distributed Across the pressure plate, And you haven't engaged the firing pin. You can't move an inch. We know. What's your idea? Well, my idea is that he moves an inch. That way, I can get to the hole, And I can dismantle the firing pin. Right now, he's standing on it, and I can't do anything. No, no, no, linc, llama tu hermano. What? Call your brother, please. You-- you stay here. Fine. It's my brother. Michael Let's go. Sara You're not leaving, are you? You have our number. And who are you again? He prefers to wait at home. I'm monitoring him. He's leaving ama In a potentially fragile condition. Look, I'm not stupid. I know who you are, And I'm not gonna turn you in. My concern is for what's going on With your health. They aren't here for you, And I'm telling you, in your condition Thank you, doctor; I appreciate your help. Please do call us. Can I help you? I messed up. What do you mean? Today, I was working with bagwell. He's been compliant as hell. I thought that I would make him happy. He wanted to talk about Gretchen Morgan. Right, and what happened? And I slipped up. I mentioned Whistler. This one is tough, I'm telling you. Bagwell, Gretchen Morgan-- they're thugs. I have been face down with a gun To the back of my head more than once. All right. Look, I don't want you to do something That you don't want to do. You're a good agent-- we could reassign No, no, that is not it. Look, I can handle this. I'm just I'm just kicking myself. I could find something else for you to do, okay? This thing has gotten way out of hand. Dallow is on my back, and the company is moving scylla No. I'm fine. Are you sure? I really think we can do this, don. We can bring the company down. Ego is the only reason I coded my name into those blueprints. I don't feel guilty about anything. I gotta take this. I'm sorry. Hello? Alex, we What? Got a problem. There's a damn minefield down there. Hello, I can't hear you. Sucre's in trouble. He's standing on a mine. We need to deactivate it. Linc, I gotta go. I'll call you back. They're here, david. What do they want from me? They're moving scylla, Protecting it-- everything you did for them, They want you to do it again. You think you can stop them? I know all about you. I've known about you for six months-- Ever since somebody stole those plans From the company. It will never work. You won't get past the first wall. What about the first wall? What's gonna stop me, huh? The minefield? Please Don't tell 'em. We've got him. Sweep the area. There's a dirt road at the bottom of the hill. It will take you out. Your husband Just go. He won't help you; that will. Lincoln, go call him again. Linc, go call him. Linc, go call him! What will michael know about this? I mean, it's not exactly within his realm of expertise. We're wasting time. I gave you a semiprofessional assessment. What's wrong? You don't trust me, Fernando? Why should he? Because we all want scylla. And I'm not gonna let a giant pack Of firecrackers stand in our way. Or would you like me to call The bomb squad? Look, I am offering to do you a massive favor here. If that thing blows while I'm pulling the pin, He loses a leg-- I lose a face! Now, don't worry, Fernando. I'm known for my steady hand. Take a deep breath, okay? Keep your weight even. And I need you to shift slowly, Very slowly-- One inch to your left, so I can get to the pin. Oh, no, I can't I can't, I can't do it. Are you all right? Have you, uh, heard anything? They have to deactivate. I got a key. A legend to the blueprint. Baker gave you this? No. His wife gave it to me. They came for baker. All right, well, this makes more sense. These, uh, these symbols Aren't for p-traps, they're They're microphones. And the letter "v" isn't for vacuum, That's a generator. This is a line of jz33 land mines Buried 80 millimeters underground, About seven feet from the outer wall-- That's must be what linc was talking about. It says, "manual override only. "all conventional attempts to dismantle the jz33 Will activate the scylla alarms." This isn't just a land mine. This is, uh This is an alarm. We can't sit here all night. Okay? You ready? Hey, it's linc. You know what to do. What are you doing? Linc! Sucre! Stop! Stop! Don't move. Don't move. Don't move. You can't dismantle the land mine Without setting off the alarm. So I either Set off the alarm Or blow up and die. No. There's a manual override. It'll cut the power long enough for you To step off without removing the pin. How do you know for sure? I found david baker. Sucre. Step off. You can do it. You only have I can't Yes, you can. Yes, you can. Michael and I figured it out. Step off right now. No, no, you guys all go. I'll-- We all don't have to die. I'll do it alone. Nobody's gonna die today! Step off! Step off! What's behind this wall? Scylla. When do you find out? The doctor is supposed to call, uh Any minute. Look, um I'm sorry I wasn't there for you today. Don't worry about it. You know, what gretchen did for sucre Made me realize we could use her. I asked for the sixth key. What'd she say? She's on it. You all right? All right. We're about to go to the airfield. We're gonna ship brad's body off to his mother. Got his things here. Where is he? Over here. His mother will appreciate that. Mrs. Bellick. This is Fernando Sucre. Great job today. I'm sorry to hear about your friend. But that's, um, admirable work, Volunteering with a bunch of criminals like that. We're all the same, really. Here's the application you requested For the desk girl. You have a good night, cole. You, too. Thanks. Hello? Hello? Okay. We will. Thank you. As we've all learned the hard way, There's an electronic alarm barrier Around the perimeter of the foundation. Unfortunately, That is scylla's most primitive line of defense. The wall itself Is fortified with steel fiber. The good news is, on the inside here, There are no cameras. The company doesn't want any Visual evidence that scylla exists. The bad news is that there are both Weight and microphonic sensors here and here That will alert company security To the presence of any breathing human being That weighs more than two pounds. As far as I can tell, The first challenge is getting around that wall. And then we can worry about crossing the floor. Without touching it. In silence. It's complicated. But, uh, I'm already working on something. Brad didn't die in vain. We can make this work. That was the neurologist. You have a hypothalamus hamaratoma. It's really rare. You were probably born with it. Um, things have changed-- it's been growing, Which is why you've been experiencing your symptoms. And the doctor feels that you need surgery. Two days. That's, uh, that's what I need. No. Tomorrow. Otherwise you could die, and there's no alternative.   
                
