Quiet Riot



                    			Previously on Prison Break Company's moving Scylla. - When? - Tomorrow. I messed up. - What do you mean? - I mentioned Whistler. Hello. Hello? So you're Feng. - Susan. - That's right. The wall itself is fortified with steel fiber. The bad news is that there are both weight and microphonic sensors that will alert Company security to the presence of any breathing human being that weighs more than two pounds. Mike! You have a hypothalamus hamartoma, and the doctor feels that you need surgery. - Two days. - No, tomorrow. Otherwise, you could die, and there's no alternative. Just a little bit more. Go slow. No, there's no way he deserves any of this. Sing it, sister. After what he put me through? I can hardly believe it myself. Look, what we must do is make sure that cosmic justice rains down upon him, for once we obtain the good general's card, there ain't hardly nothing standing in between us and Mr. Feng's $125 million. I was born on a mountainside. Just keep both hands on the camera. Let's go. That's great. Okay. Thank you so much, Dr. Malden. Yeah, he can see you today at 3:00. - No. - We're going. We need to finish what we started. We can do this. I need one more day. Michael, Dr. Malden can see you today. He's given us his word he won't alert the authorities. If you put this off and you, you collapse, you're going to be treated by another doctor. Do you want to roll the dice that they're not going to call the cops? There's still so much to do. All right. Three o'clock? Last time I drilled a hole in the wall, it was with an eggbeater back in Fox River with Michael. I just can't believe it's all coming to an end, and he's not here. He'll be all right. How do you know? I don't. I'm just trying to keep us focused. Hey. He's sick, but I guarantee you one thing that'll make him worse going back to jail. If we don't get in there that's where we're all going. He's going to be okay. I'm scared, too, but a hospital's the best place for him right now. He won't go without a plan to complete the job. Well, Alex and Fernando should be back soon with the video, right? Should be, yeah. So, then, all we need is the sixth card. Gretchen's working on that. You really think we can trust her? To get the card? Absolutely. Anything else? Nope. Eight guards will accompany Scylla from the basement bunker up to the garage, where an armored truck will be waiting. One truck is not going to be enough security. That is why I have a full Secret Service escort to March Air Force Base. There, it will be brought aboard a C-130. We need air support all the way to River Rock. Colonel Rififi is lending us three of his F-18s. It may be hard for you to believe, but I do have this under control. There's nothing for you to worry about. When the plane lands, the same precautions will be taken. Armored truck to guards to final location. That's fine. Are you going somewhere? - I have an appointment. - Today? You told me there was nothing to worry about. Just tell me it's not Gretchen. This is ridiculous. It's a personal matter. I'm not going to discuss it. I don't trust her. That's nothing new. I'll be back in an hour. What'd you find out? You'll be awake the whole time. The only anesthetic you're going to need is four minor injections of local two in your forehead and two in the back of your head. And that's for the brace? The frame, yeah, and attaching that is going to be the most uncomfortable part. They're going to have to secure four pins into your skull and they're going to need a small drill to do it. Do we have to listen to this? I want to hear this, Linc. And then what? Uh, another CT scan. The doctor will use the three-dimensional imagery to pinpoint the exact location of the growth. And once you have that? Then it's the Gamma Knife unit. They'll fit you with a helmet, they'll calibrate it so that each of the 201 holes are aimed directly for the tumor, and at that point I've got two more boxes in the car that you guys got to bring in yourself. All right. You okay? - Because the last time I saw you - Yeah, I'm fine. I was just a little dehydrated. All right, good. This is the stuff you requested. You sure this is gonna get you in? Let us worry about getting in. You worry about how we're getting out. I got someone keeping an eye on Gretchen and Bagwell. If they try anything, they're getting taken out. Nothing is going to get between us and Scylla. You sure you're all right? Yeah, it's just, uh, you know, we're breaking into Company headquarters, and, uh, you'll understand why we're all a little on edge. Understood. You know, I was thinking, when your father approached me about doing this, I felt like I was, uh, chasing a ghost or something, but Because of the work you guys have done, taste the day, when to take these bastard down. You get it? Got it. We got four hours. How come? I'm going in for treatment. Here we go. Scylla. Obviously, we've got a lot to figure out. We have to break through two walls one concrete, one glass and do it without making a sound. Hypersensitive parabolic microphones, pointed in all directions. The floor sensors can detect an added surface load of just two pounds. So we have to traverse the distance between the two walls without touching the floor and do all that without generating any kind of body heat whatsoever. These are the latest in heat-sensing technology. We make one wrong move, the camera goes on, and General Krantz will know we're inside. It's amazing. All this security and only one man has access to video surveillance? The Company doesn't want any record of what's going on down there. Can we access that elevator? No, it's right in the middle of the Company building there are ten layers of security. We have to go where they're not expecting us, starting with the concrete wall. - Sucre, you were drilling there, right? - Yes. It's fortified with steel fibers, just like you said. All right, in order to get through that, we have to generate an electromagnetic field We have to generate an electromagnetic field To have, uh, an electromagnetic field with the force that we want, we're going to need at least a couple of car batteries. Can you get that? Yeah, yeah. We can do this. Uh, what time are we expecting Gretchen to get that sixth card? What took you so long? You know how I get when I'm hungry. It wasn't easy getting away from the office. I could have come to you like old times. I almost wish there was a mahogany desk in here. Oh you're tense. Take off this jacket. Let me get in there. I didn't bring it with me. My card. That is what you're looking for, right? What are you talking about? Your card. You forget. I'm the one that taught you how to lie. I never thought that, at the age of 63, I could still have my heart broken. Why did you feel you needed to steal my card? Don't you know that if you'd waited just a little bit longer, you'd have had one of your own? I'm sorry. I'm Who are you selling it to? That's That's not why Who? I'm the mother of your child. Please, for Emily's sake. Please, Jonathan. Please. I love you. If I ever see you again I'll shoot you on sight. Is everything all right, Cole? I got something important you need to know. We're gonna be rich. So, here's the question. How much is it gonna cost me to get that jacket off of you? Excuse me? Last day I'm ever gonna see you. Oh. You're all covered up. I cannot abide. $100. You want to pay me to take my clothes off? Not all of them. Just the jacket. Mm. - $200. - I'm not gonna strip for you. Pity on an old man. You're disgusting. And lecherous and vile. And soon to be wealthy beyond belief. One thousand dollars. Why so modest all of a sudden? Cole, I need to see you in my office now. Mm-mm Thank you for calling Gate. How can I help you? It was Mr. White in his office with the lead stapler. Cole, yesterday, with that Idaho group, you made this company $35, 000. And I would like to return the favor. It's our annual cruise. Seven days and six nights of non-stop pitching. I personally clear $50, 000 on most trips, but for everything you've done, it's all yours. The least I could do. It leaves today? Go home and pack. I'll see you in a week. Unfortunately, I have some business I need to take care of right here. Okay, so, this is how it works. As soon as the sensors pick up any kind of a heat source goes into standby, a yellow light comes on. After five seconds in standby, if the heat source isn't gone, we have an alarm. So we got six seconds to make it across the hallway and through the glass wall? Basically. If we get our hands on some liquid nitrogen, we could regulate the temperature. Yeah. Kill two birds with one stone. See if you can get some of that. Hey. Hey. I'm not going to ask how you're feeling. Good. About four years after I joined the bureau, my first special agent in charge he was diagnosed with liver cancer. But for him, the hardest part wasn't the treatment. The hardest part was leaving the office, because we had this we had this big RICO case that was about to go to trial, and we're talking thousands of man hours, five years of research. And the guy was going to be in chemo. And he was scared. He was scared that we were gonna lose the case, and that a lot of bad men were gonna walk. He had a ragtag band of criminals ready to pick up the slack. It was something like that. We're not going to let you down, Michael. What happened to your boss? Oh, he was there to see us win. You're sure she's a Fed? Wouldn't take off her jacket for a thousand dollars. She's got a gun under there. It's a complication. Well, that's a nice way to put it. Sort of like you not getting the sixth card. What are we calling that now, a setback? Relax. You have any idea what I'm giving up here? I was guaranteed 50 grand. You're crying over $50, 000? Are you serious? I have a job. I make money. I get mail. People call me sir. eating leftover lo-mein. Something tells me Theodore Bagwell wouldn't last long in this situation. Yeah, maybe, but Cole Pfeiffer would. You want to pout, you do it tomorrow. We have work to do. Is it really worth $125 million? It's worth twice as much. What if they refuse to hand it over? Either we pay for Scylla, or we kill for it. Susan? Feng, we need to talk. Hey, give me a second here, guys, just a second. We can't make any noise above ten decibels. You got two of those? Absolutely. This is gonna work, right? It should. No, not just that. The whole thing. I mean, do we even have a chance? Just make sure the hole is in the right place. So, where are we? Gretchen didn't get us the sixth card. We need that sixth card, Don. I know. If we don't get the sixth card, we're never gonna crack Scylla. I know it. Well, we know they're moving Scylla today. We know we can't just waltz into the General's office and steal that last card, so where does that leave us? Then there's got to be a way. - There has to be a way. - Not without losing another man. Believe me, I spent the last week trying to figure out how to get that sixth card, and every scenario ends with a gun to someone's head, and that is not acceptable. You know, Gretchen did pass on this one piece of information for you. This could be helpful. Hello? The buyer just showed up. All right, well, find out what they're up to. Mr. Feng, so glad you could come and see us. I was expecting the next time the three of us would be in the same room together, that you'd have something for me. That was our expectation, as well, but we've hit a few bumps in the road. Now, to ensure the item's safe recovery, we need your help. It's time to go. "All that avails is flight." Maybe my father was onto something. If they all die because we tried to take down the Company, and I survive because because I called in sick how am I gonna live with myself? You're gonna get through this. I'm not going to the hospital. What? Linc, just get in the car. I'm going with you. If I still had a medical license, I'd lose it over this. This is usually given to epileptics. It will suppress the rapid firing of neurons for the next three hours, making it unlikely that you'll have a seizure in that time, but Michael, any added mental or physical stress I get it. I mean it. I don't want you to move unless you absolutely have to. And as soon as this is over, I'm taking you to the hospital. Hey. You all right? This is gonna go exactly as planned. I promise. I'm not praying for me. Let's go. You wanted to see me? It's the second Tuesday of the month. Don't you have your Eagles and Angels luncheon? I figured I'd skip it today. You called me in here to confirm my lunch plans? You were right. If it weren't for you, this would be in the wind. - Is she dead? - Let's just say she won't bother either of us anymore. But I do want Scylla moved right now. Our mechanics are on the tarmac inspecting the C-130. When they sign off, we'll be ready to move. Call the other card holders, get them in here. Did, uh, Self call you, uh, regarding a little snafu with the General? Get out of my way. Just for, uh, clarification's sake, the sixth card is part of the to-do list, right, gentlemen? The game's afoot. Does Michael have a way to get the card? I've worked with Michael Scofield before, both with him and against him. There's no way he's going down there without a plan to finish the job. I got a call from an old friend. Heard Scylla was in play. He wants to know if he can get in on it. A bidding war? He's prepared to offer 200. Is he for real? I don't know. I've set up a safe house where we can hear him out. Do you have a pen? Just a minute. One nine one seven Piermont got it. I'm on my way. Uh, good afternoon. Thank you for calling Gate. I got some last minute negotiations with the buyer to speak about. I'll be back lickety-split. See you later. Mm-hmm. Can you hold, please? All right. This is it. Now, does anyone have any questions about what they're supposed to do? That hole you drilled in the wall this morning once we get over there, if we make too much noise, the sound waves will travel through the wall and get picked up by the sensors on the other side. So, from this point on, we need absolute silence. Alex, good luck. You too. Ready? We have to break through two walls one concrete, one glass and do it without making a sound. In order to get through that, we have to generate an electromagnetic field. To have an electromagnetic field with the force that we want, we're gonna need at least a couple of car batteries. starting with the concrete wall. Sucre, you were drilling there, right? It's fortified with steel fibers, just like you said. You sure this is it? Okay. When was the last time you swept a room? The academy. All right, just follow my lead, okay? Because Gretchen and Bagwell have no respect for human life. - Okay? They go for a weapon, you shoot. - Okay. They try to run, you shoot. If they do anything than kneel down and put their hands - behind their heads - I shoot. And don't miss. Agent Self. We've been waiting. That's Feng. He's got them. When Scofield and Burrows walk through the door, give them an opportunity to surrender. If we can avoid confrontation, that's the best case scenario. There's no way they're gonna hand it over without a fight. If they take that position, we'll respond in kind. $125 million. Only cherry that could top this sunny day. You can keep your Burrows and your Mahone and your Sucre. Just leave Scofield for me. We got a green light on the C130. It's time. Thank you. Oren, Tuxhorn and Edison are standing by. Scuderi was in Las Vegas. You think we could get the state of Nevada to outlaw gambling? I somehow doubt that. His plane will touch down within about an hour. Then you can make your luncheon. I would rather stay. Now more than ever, we need the support of law enforcement. I will call you - when we're ready to move. - General, I There's nothing more for you to worry about. Lisa? Very good work. I need a team downstairs. Now.   
                
