Deal or No Deal



                    			Previously on prison break: This is scylla. You're not even close to getting out of here. Dad? It's me. Lisa? I'm at gunpoint. It's tancredi. She says if you don't Let michael and the others Leave with scylla, she'll kill me. Don't! I'm leaving. No, mr. White! Turn around! Gentle now, sugar. That's special agent miriam holtz to you, sugar. We have it! They got it. I never thought You'd make it this far. I was wrong. What now? This is all your transfer paperwork. You need to get to dallow, asap. What happened to gretchen? She got away. Self. Self. He screwed us. Self can't do that. He's government. He can do what he pleases. The vans are coming. They're just late. He ain't coming back! You don't know that, linc! They're coming! What do we do now? Call homeland. See how much they know about self. Stanton. Herb, it was scofield and burrows. Are you at the senator's office? I think I'm shot! I'm shot! Miriam's, gone, okay? What's your position? You were right About this whole operation. No. Burrows, burrows! Don No, no, no, no! I need to find gretchen. You gonna help me? Or you gonna make me shoot you in the face? Help. Department of homeland security. I'd like to talk to don self's superior, please. One moment, please. We gave this guy Something worth $100 million. Is he even with homeland? Did we see a badge? We were given guns and flown out on a c-130. He didn't work for the dmv. That doesn't make him the law. No, it don't. What if homeland was in on this from the beginning? This is herb stanton. Who the hell's this? Hello? Hello? The way self played this, I don't know. He kept himself too insulated. That's why, that's why he hesitated With official authorizations On behalf of our mission. He kept saying it was because he didn't want The company to find out. In actuality, It's because he didn't want to get caught, The son of a bitch! He kept the circle tight. Left the rest of us holding the bag. If homeland knows Where we're at, sooner or later they're coming for us. Let them come-- we didn't do anything wrong. We have deals. No, we have paper. That's what self left us. That's what we have. We gotta get out of here. We can't leave. Michael needs surgery. I'm not talking about running. I'm talking about surviving. What I want is to see the company burned to the ground And you in prison. We did this to you. We did this to you. They're ready for you downstairs, sir. Today marks a critical juncture in our endeavor. Do we have a bead on scylla yet? Our security, our future stands at a great precipice. It's a yes-or-no question, jonathan. And we don't need a soliloquy. Howard, why don't you wait in my office? No. I'm in here Making sure this operation isn't fumbled as well. Out Now. What's your plan, jonathan? That's what we're all here for, right? You tried to move scylla Over our better judgment, and it backfired, So spill it. Any further questions? Very well. You have your assignments. Access your assets and retrieve scylla today. Yeah, well, a lot of people that believed in me In the last few months, agent self, Not all of them are alive today. I can't shake that line. "all that avails is flight." Come on. Here, take that. Sara's right. We need to get you to a hospital now. We were so close to the finish line. So close. Yeah, I know, I know, I know. Listen, i, uh, I spoke to lj yesterday. Told him this was almost over. I'm keeping my word to my son, michael. I should have seen this coming. No, no, it's no one's fault. Self played all of us. We gotta get out of here. This is our last option. Get upstairs There There Now we know where we stand. Let's go. Hello. Michael scofield. Yes. Herb stanton, department of homeland security. We want to talk. Can you please come back to the warehouse? All right, but first we're gonna need some assurances. What kind of assurances? Look, we held up our end of the deal, So we're gonna need you To honor the terms of our agreements. Well, I'd have to take another look at those terms, But I'm fairly certain it didn't include stealing scylla Or killing two federal agents in cold blood. What are you talking about? Here are the new terms I'm prepared to offer. Come back, turn yourselves in Wait a minute! Self set us up! Don't, And I'll hunt you down like animals. We did what they said. I ain't going down on some trumped-up murder charge. Self pinned Two murders on us. What are you doing, linc? If homeland security comes Then we'll handle it. You know what? There's gotta be a point where you draw the line. Now's the time to draw that line. Don't be stupid. You can't fight off all of homeland. Stupid is listening to the government. I ain't going back to death row. We can still hold onto Our deals. All we have to do is flush self out, prove he has scylla. How are we gonna do that, huh? We have to devise another strategy. We should start devising a plan That can get us a hundred miles across the mexican border. That's what we should do. My cousin petey can hook us up. We're not running. We can't. Negative on scofield, burrows and mahone. Tdz think that self may be using a bakergrip To mask his cell phone signal. Place a tactical team around homeland. If self or any of those other bastards show up, Make damn well sure they don't get near the building. I can't go back to living In and out of motels, constantly looking over my shoulder. Nothing changes. We take down the company. We finish what we started. Who are you calling? A doctor. Sara, not now. When? Whoa-whoa-whoa, listen. Cole pfeiffer, an employee of gate, A downtown wellness organization, And his yet-unidentified- female accomplice Both seen here in police sketches. On them Gretchen? Bagwell? Have our people at dot Monitor every traffic camera from san diego to the bay area. I can't believe you shot him. Knowing when to sever a cancerous limb To preserve the rest of the body He was one of your most trusted advisors and confida When I brought you in I told you that a cardholder has certain responsibilities. If you can't Handle what we're doing here, It's time you let me know. Ceo gregory white who was shot and killed in the standoff. Police are trying to determine whether revenge or robbery Was the motive. Cole pfeiffer was a recent addition Maybe we weren't the only ones left hanging, huh? If we're gonna flush self out, How do you think he intended to unload scylla? Gretchen. He's got to sell it. Tell me when I'm getting warm. You hand-picked michael scofield and the bunch, Trucked them all out here on uncle sam's dime, To do your bidding, and now they're Standing right in the crosshairs for what you did. I gotta hand it to you don, if that ain't the mona lisa. I always said cops are more crooked than criminals. Let me guess-- a little, little slice of heaven, Is that what it was for? Gambling debt? Maybe you're a A geologist of the rock candy variety? The information you got from gretchen's prints-- You sure it's the right address? Right as rain. Good. Now, Shut up or I'm gonna shoot you. Understand me? Oh, i, i Shut your mouth. I ain't I know when shut your mouth. To shut my Be quiet. How long does it take to find a pay phone in this city? They'll be back. Okay. Same deal as before. No physical duress For the next eight hours. Here's the thing. You need help. And running around trying To track down self isn't Safe. We could be in mexico in a few hours. There are doctors there that I trust. And you've been taking care of all of us. I think it's really okay if we take care of you. Surgery or no surgery I'm never gonna be able to live with myself Unless I find a way to take these people down. It's that simple, And, uh I get it. I'm not gonna demand that you feel the same way. I'm telling you, we can't trust anyone-- Government, law enforcement Which is all the more reason We should consider getting out of here. No. We deal with this now. I want this guy as much as you do, but we're scrambling here. I mean, I don't know how long self has been planning This thing and from the looks of it, it's pretty air-tight. Gretchen. I hope you're calling me to tell me where scylla is, lincoln. You don't know? I don't know. What's going on? Self double-crossed us and he took scylla. You know where he Could be? If I'm self, I'm looking for a new buyer. A new buyer? You know what? If you're playing me, I'm gonna split you in half. I want him just as badly as you do. Where are you? I'm coming to you. Grand hope park. One hour. What? Sis. It's Emily. She's, um Been in an accident. I want you to tell whoever's got that gun pointed at you To grow a set and get on the phone. She wants to talk to you. What's up, gretchen? Time to come home now Gonna keep trusting that bitch? Gretchen and t-bag were waiting at gate with machine guns, guys. You think they just Wanted to provide cover? This chick's a mercenary. She'll do whatever it takes to get what she wants, And right now we just happen to want the same thing. We are taking precautions, but One way or the other, gretchen's Gonna get us to self, and right now That is all that matters. We don't stand a chance. Our photos aren't plastered All over the tv. Homeland's keeping it in-house. We have a chance. Senator? Herb. We sponsored this operaton with the best Of intentions, but the secretive manner in which we've handled it I now fear is working against us. How so? We're in the middle of a manhunt, And it's just you and a couple of agents Out there trying to rein in These cons. It's madness. What we initally sponsored Didn't pan out. That doesn't mean that the boat is taking on water. No one knows. That's the way It's going to stay. Come in! Good afternoon. Richard sooter, us marshals service. I've been sent At the request of deputy director esmar To get to the bottom of the scofield/burrows supermax story Once and for all. I'm hoping you gentlemen can help. Guys, if there's a reason You're keeping secrets Just fill me in here. I canhelp. How strong is your stomach? Very. Herb Stanton. He's working With donald self. We got a record Of all incoming and outgoing calls From homeland today. Stanton received a call Lasting approximately one minute That was connected to no one. No one we could identify. Self's phone. D.O.T. Has a positive id on gretchen From a traffic cam. She's still in los angeles. Chris is on the phone from johannesburg, Looking for an update. I'll call back. Now, about this mr. Stanton Alex, how are you doing? No sign of gretchen yet. Linc? No sign of gretchen. Sucre? She ain't here yet, bro. Sara? All clear. All right, here we go. That's far enough. Ah That's far enough. I'm sorry, rita. I promise everything is going to be okay. Yeah, we're all friends here, Rita. Don't worry about a thing. You know, sending feng after me almost cost me my life, And it did cost me my plan, which is why you're here, Gretchen. You're going to help me find a new buyer For scylla. You've been talking to scofield and the boys, huh? Yeah, how are they? Good and pissed. Yeah, where are they? Gee, don, I don't know, I'm not their mother. You're not their mother, But She looks just like you. Doesn't she? She's Got those big blue eyes. I'm supposed to meet them in a half an hour. Get ready to phone in a tip. Where at? Where? To perform the operation, michael, That would require signatures from about The only way this is going to work Is via freelancer-- off the books. I should be thanking you. Okay, because of what you've done, Lives are going to be changed forever. Scofield, have you reconsidered my offer? If I get you self and if I can get you scylla, Are you going to be able to hold up our deals? How do you intend on doing that? Well, that's what we're working on. The feds-- they're here. We were set up. Hands where I can see them! Hands where I can see! Killing two federal agents ought to put you back On top of death row, mr. Burrows. We didn't kill anyone. Self's behind this. Don self Is a decorated agent and an honorable man. Yeah. You wouldn't be the first guy to sit in that chair And try to sell me a bill of goods. Why weren't we halfway to mexico By the time you worked things out? You slipped up. No. Because we were in the dark just as much as you were. We know what happened, burrows. You're not putting this together. Think about how much scylla's worth. Think of the lengths that Self went to to keep this thing To keep this thing off the books. And us? Us, of all people, Pulling this job off. Where are the bodies? For five minutes, stop thinking about us, And focus on self! Why would we jeopardize our freedom? It's the only thing we've ever cared about! Where's fernando? He's on his way. Michael, look, I still have a friend in the bureau We can reach out to. Maybe she can make some calls, see where they're holding linc. Who are you calling? It's scofield. All right. So answer it. I should have put a bullet in your face when I had the chance. I'm not the one who set you up, michael. Yeah? Who did? You know, I meant what I said before, michael. I like your style. Okay? You're a smart guy. Unfortunately for you, I'm just a little bit smarter. Yeah? We'll see about that. I heard homeland made a surprise visit to the plaza, huh? Look, I'm going to give you some parting advice. Run. Okay, get your pals and just start running. We gotta go. Michael, we gotta go. I appreciate all your help, all right? I'm going to sell scylla now. Don, you're not going anywhere. Really? Okay. Who's the buyer? His name is vikan. And he's not a buyer. He's a conduit. A conduit to what? We're not exactly moving heroin here. It's a little bit more specialized. There's about five people in the world Who know what do with scylla and are willing to pay for it. All right. Let's go. Bagwell's staying here. You're going to find yourself captive in my negativity If you lay a hand on either one of them. I warned you not to screw me over. How could you? I'll be back very, very soon. And I promise you, that man is not going to hurt you. How could you? I'm going to fix this. Wow, gretchen, you're making friends Left and right, huh? Now move your ass. We've accessed self's e.I.D. We've been able to get to files he tried to delete. They're giving us a lot clearer picture Of who he is and what he's been up to. Honorable, huh? What did you find out? A name. Robert walker. The new identity self is planning on using. We found a social security number, A bank account in the caymans, credit cards And a flight itinerary Out of the country for tomorrow morning. First of all, we owe you an apology. And, second, when we finally get our hands on him, It's going to be paramount to get your help. How? Your testimony, And the testimony of your brother And the others against self In exchange for full immunity. You walk away. We already had a deal. If you walk now, there'll be no one left to tell the tale. Dhs needs you to cover its ass. We can't spend our time chasing your friends. They need to come in So we can work out the details. What if they don't? We got a whole bunch of trust issues. Then, you'll all rot in a supermax prison. Dhs is prepared to fly into the face of this thing Or to bury it. It's your choice, mr. Burrows. This is the best you're gonna do. Michael. Linc, where are you? In the warehouse. Put me on speaker. Homeland knows self screwed us. What do we have? They found a file he thought he deleted With an international bank account And a one-way ticket out of here. So it's over. Yeah, well If we testify against self, we get full immunity. Immunity from what? We We did the job They hired us to do. Michael, senator conrad dallow. We have evidence that supports your claims. I'm giving you my word your troubles are over now. Please come in. So we can end this Okay, um, I've decided Rather, I think that, uh, we should hear the senator out. And, uh, If everything goes south, then I do Have a backup plan. Sucre, I want you to go with sara To the meeting place and get a lookout. Alex and I are gonna make sure they don't bring Any surprises by doubling back To the warehouse And then following them to the rendezvous. This is where we're meeting the senator. All right? We'll be there. You know, my father spent most of his political life Chasing justice. It was sort of an obsession. And my mother and I could never understand Why he would so easily Make other people's problems his own. And I think it's why she left him. And, michael, you remind me more and more of him these days. The way you put everybody else's problems Before your own. That said I want you to know that, if this meeting With senator dallow doesn't go the way you want it to, You don't have to worry about you and me. Nothing's Nothing's gonna come between us. Yeah. And everything is gonna be okay, right? You know, I've figured it out. Dhs wined and dined you in the beginning And promised you the world, And then they ultimately settled On a broom closet Next to some schmuck from the faa. And you said nil. Gretchen, you have a real keen sense of perception. It's amazing. And this all ends With a three-story hut in tahiti, right? Flat-screen tv, a couple jet skis outside. But what you're gonna find, don, Is that when the rush is over And you're done patting yourself on the back And there's no one left to tell the story to, You'll be just as alone as you are now. That's who don self is. Is that right? You tell me. Yeah. Take out your gun. What's going on? You want a cut or not, bagwell? Take out your gun. Relax, don. All right. Point it at her head. Don. Pull back the hammer. Don! Don! I want my money. Don. And I want to be on a plane by the end of today. Otherwise, you and your family are gonna find out Who the real don self is, You understand me? That's him. Do you understand me? We're set. Okay, that's him. Please. I'll call you back. This can't be right. You sure this is what he wrote down? That's what it says. It's a parking lot. Why would michael pick here? I thought you and michael Were going to the warehouse. Michael sent me ahead. What's going on? Where is he? He's safe-- michael's safe. We're not gonna be able to do this alone. He's doing what he has to do, And we have to do our part. Right now, that's getting on that bus And getting out of the city. And we got to go now. He just wants you both to be safe. We got to go, we really got to go. Where is michael? Mr. Scofield, Herb stanton. This is senator conrad dallow. On behalf of all americans, I want To thank you for your service. Save it. I'm here to give my testimony, And then I'm leaving with my brother. Right over here. All right, gentlemen, tell us what you know. Bus 34 with service to bakersfield And fresno now boarding in terminal five. Are we really leaving? You heard mahone. This is what michael wants. Yeah, right. Okay, but if the deal with dallow is legit, There's no reason to run, right? Michael's just covering the bases, Making sure that we don't run into trouble again. Yes, but if he's in trouble, he's going to need our help. Well, maybe he thinks there's nothing left for us to do. If we leave now, we're leaving him behind. I didn't know don self had it in him. Now that we know he's behind this, Our situation's a lot worse. We're not talking about our careers anymore. We're talking about real jail time. We get 15 years just for conducting An unauthorized operation without congressional approval. Or not. This doesn't have to be about containment anymore. It could be about excision. You all right with that, senator? Then they all go. Where are the others? Mahone, sucre, tancredi. They're not coming. Linc and I will testify, but the others Well, we all get immunity. Those are the terms. Our testimony alone will put self away. Gentleman, we can't have the others running around While we're trying to wrap this up. Can we call 'em? Can we get 'em here? The deal was for all of you. Those were the terms. Without everybody, this is no deal. Listen, pal, you're gonna get what you want, all right? Are you gonna call them or not? Hmm, there never was a deal, was there, senator? I wish I could give you a better answer, michael, But don self left a lot of rough edges. We have to smooth them out. You want to tell me where they are? It ain't gonna happen. I can get you self. I can still get you scylla. Scylla? Oh, we're past scylla. Between getting it back and ending this now, The choice is simple. You wanted your supermax answer, you got it, richard. Now time to go. Escort mr. Sooter out. I'm gonna count to five. One, Two, Three Get you an apointment with the General Here you go. Wait right here. Been a long time, gretchen. No longer working for the general? Correct. Who's he? I'm the guy that's holding scylla. You interested? Well, the general has offered a reward for anyone Who can return scylla Along with the heads of the transgressors. I appreciate you allowing me the opportunity To kick the general in the teeth. Can I see? All of you. Sooter, please, I can give you cover. Save it! Save it, senator, save it. The general specifically asked that I bring you in alive. Just move. You were going to kill us, senator. It was stanton who made that call. Look, what was extremely complicated There were six people who knew About this operation. Two of them are still alive. One is now on the run-- and I'm the other. And I'm not saying a word. You're not getting off that easy, senator. You are going to help us. There is a folder in that briefcase On the conference table. It contains The last remnants of this operation. Once you dispose of it None of this ever existed. That's the saving grace Of a covert operation. If you want It never happened. I'm going to walk away now. Catch a flight. Maybe see my wife Before she goes to bed. I only hope I don't catch a bullet in the back On my way out. I'm really very sorry, gentlemen. We tried. We tried. Let him go. Linc, Let him go. Don't. Let him go. We running now? I will kill you myself The next time you do something like that. Where's mahone? He's gone. Well, we can do business When you get the rest of scylla. What are you talking about? It's incomplete. Incom? Wha-- Who is this clown? Clown? Yeah, clown. There's a piece missing, slick. Look. Here. Hello, don. I believe you have something that belongs to me. Come and get it.   
                
