The Walking Dead s05e13 Episode Script
Forget

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s05e13

Previously on AMC's The Walking Dead Sasha: He has a camp he wants us to audition for membership.
Rick Grimes: What is this place? Deanna Monroe: This is the start of sustainability.
We need people who've lived out there.
Deanna Monroe: They're still your guns, but inside here, we store them for safety.
Rick: Everybody said you gave them jobs.
Deanna Monroe: Yeah, that's part of this place.
Carol Peletier: This place is gonna make us weak.
Rick Grimes: We'll make it work.
If they can't make it, then we'll just take this place.
(crickets chirping) (birds chirping) No, no, it's cool.
I'm usually up.
I used to open for a coffee shop every day for seven years.
Your brain, it gets wired to things you don't need anymore.
I still like carrying around my cell phone, too.
One of these days it's gonna ring and freak my ass out.
Hey, if you happen to bag a boar out there, can I have a leg? To make a prosciutto.
I used to cure meats in my basement even before all this.
I made some kick-ass pickles, too.
Sure, Olivia.
Thanks.
(glass shatters) (glass shatters) (glass shatters) (breathing heavily) (crow cawing, echoes) (glass shattering) (walkers snarling, echoing) - (snarling stops) - (heart beating) (sighs) Come and get me.
(theme music playing) - (leaves rustling) - (walker snarling) I don't see it, but it's close.
There's just one of 'em.
We won't be here long.
So what do you think? We can go in when it's empty.
How is that? It's locked up at night.
The window.
There's just a latch.
I can leave it open.
- A latch? - Yeah.
What if one of those pricks shuts it? Wait a couple of days, leave it open again.
- (walker snarling) - It's getting closer.
We need to do it sooner than later.
Right now, they're not watching us.
Not worrying about meetings like this.
We may need the guns, we may not.
We will whatever way it goes.
They're the luckiest damn people I ever met.
And they just keep getting luckier.
How's that? We're here now.
They've got a couple of footlockers just full of 9 millimeter autos, Rugers, Kel-Tecs.
Just tossed in there.
They don't use them.
They're never gonna know they're gone.
Someone's got one now, right? Mmm.
Listen, the others, we want them to try.
You, too.
So we keep it quiet.
Just us.
- (walker snarling) - Here it comes.
- I got him.
- Hey, wait.
We said we were taking me out shooting.
I couldn't go back with a full mag.
Lucky he came by.
We should get back.
You'll pull the latch, we'll pick our moment.
Us, we don't need to be lucky.
What the hell's that? Is that a W? Yeah.
(sighs) (sighs) I don't know if this is some kind of play, handing authority to strangers.
The authority to break up fistfights.
If it was just that, she should have given one of these to Daryl.
I don't know if it's for us or for them.
Or maybe Deanna's trying to get rid of us and them.
You put these jackets on me and you, have the people see it.
If that's the play, that'd be smart.
And she seems smart.
Smart for then or smart for now? This is now.
(leaves rustling) Come out! Now! You can tell the difference between walkers and humans by sound? Can you tell the difference between a good guy and a bad guy? Rick doesn't seem to be an expert at that.
There ain't much of a difference no more.
That how you feel about your people? Why you following me? I didn't know I was.
I came out to hunt rabbits.
I know why you're out here.
Mind if I join? Keep up.
And keep quiet.
Deanna: You protect and serve.
You patrol, walk the wall, watch out for the kids.
If there's a conflict, you solve it.
And people will listen to you.
Because we're wearing windbreakers? Because they believe in this.
Because I'm telling them to.
A police officer used to live here.
So we had these jackets and I wanted to make it official.
So it's official.
There's gonna be a government here one day.
That's why I want Maggie working with me.
There's gonna be a police force.
That's why I want you two to start it.
I see a vibrant community here with industry, commerce, civilization.
Real lives.
It might be horses and mills, but-- what? Does that sound like pie in the sky? No.
No.
No.
Can we talk security? We need a constant patrol along the walls.
Not just looking for damage, but signs that anyone climbed in from outside.
You can move right up the supports.
That's what I'd do.
People are the real threat now.
Rick, I know you think that we should all be armed within the walls.
I-- I can't do that.
That's fine.
You make these changes, we won't need to.
Sasha: Excuse me.
I want to volunteer to be one of the lookouts in the clock tower.
There are no lookouts in the clock tower.
- What? - We saw someone up there earlier.
That was an empty rifle my son Spencer put up there.
He mans it sometimes, but not often.
Look, there hasn't been the need.
We need a lookout in that tower right now, 24/7.
It's the only way we'll be able to see if someone's coming at us.
Okay, okay, we'll make shifts.
I'll take those shifts, as many as possible.
Why? Sasha's one of our best shots.
She can do it.
I'm gonna put Spencer up there today.
I'll consider you being our primary lookout, but I want something in return.
Tonight I'm hosting a welcome for all of you at my home.
I want you to be there.
Why? Come tonight.
Then we'll talk about it.
Mashed lima beans, cocoa powder, a little sweetener.
I would have eaten it before all this, I swear.
It's protein and it fills you up.
Sounds delicious.
I'll be back.
I've got to go beg Rick for some help with tonight.
You need anything else, you hit me, girl.
Okay, thanks.
You've heard about the party? Everyone's gonna be there.
That's right.
So tonight, then.
Should be able to slip out.
The armory is right next to Deanna's.
I'll back you up.
People might wonder where their new constable is or Carl's dad.
Okay.
We can't use Daryl.
They're watching every move he makes.
It's fine.
You know what's great about this place? I get to be invisible again.
(horse nickers) (nickers) I've been trying to catch him for months, bring him inside.
His name is Buttons.
One of the kids saw him run by the gate a while back.
Thought he looked like a Buttons.
I haven't seen him for a while.
I was afraid it was too late.
Every time Eric or I come close, he gets spooked.
Have you done this before? My group did.
But they weren't out there that long.
The longer they're out there, the more they become what they really are.
I ain't gonna hurt ya.
All right? Come on, boy.
Yeah.
Just keep on eating.
Yeah.
(clicks tongue) Good boy.
Yeah, you used to be somebody's, huh? - Now you're just yours.
- (twig snaps) - (nickers) - (walkers snarling) Shit! (neighs) - Come on, they're coming! - (silenced gunshot) Come on.
You really substitute applesauce for eggs? That could change my life.
If we can keep that between you and me.
It's sort of the secret to these cookies.
- Are you serious? - I am.
A girl's got only so many secrets.
It'll die with me.
Uh, the chocolate is kind of a trick.
You actually have it? I can only ration you a quarter bar.
I'll make it work.
Hey, Olivia.
- We're gonna need to make a withdrawal.
- Late start? Boss lady wants me to check that strut on the east wall before the party.
Head on back.
Carol, just grab what you need.
- Chocolate's in the hall freezer.
- Okay.
You afraid of guns, ma'am? Mm, no, I well, I had a handgun and I carried a rifle when we were on the outside, but I'm not an expert.
Not with those, at least.
Well, my name is Tobin.
And whenever you want, I'd be happy to teach you.
Just better to be safe than sorry.
That'd be nice.
Thanks, Tobin.
Thank you, Olivia.
You ride horses? I ride bikes.
I take it you don't mean 10-speeds.
I know you're feeling like an outsider.
It's not your fault, you know.
Eric and I, we're still looked at as outsiders in a lot of ways.
We've heard our fair share of well-meaning, but hilariously offensive things from some otherwise really nice men and women.
People are people.
The more afraid they get, the more stupid they get.
Fear shrinks the brain.
They're scared of you and me for different reasons.
They're less scared of me because they know me.
It's less and less every day.
So let them get to know you.
You should go to Deanna's party tonight.
I got nothing to prove.
I met a lot of bad people out here doing a lot of bad shit.
They weren't afraid of nothing.
Yeah, they were.
- (music playing) - (people chatting, laughing) Oh, my.
Welcome.
Hi.
Oh, it's so good to see you.
Hi, Carl.
Thank you for coming.
You know, I didn't get a chance to interview this one.
- I envy her.
- Rick: Why? She'll get to see what this place will become.
Come.
Come on in.
I don't know about this.
They have beer.
I'm gonna try.
You're Rick.
Rick, this is my husband Reg.
You're a pretty remarkable guy.
How's that? I watched the tapes.
All of them.
The things those people said about you.
The things you did for them.
Didn't you build that wall out there? (chuckles) Yeah, I did, with help.
A lot of it.
And it's a damned incredible achievement.
But it's a wall.
(Deanna chuckles) I think you have me beat.
Well, we're standing behind that wall right now, dear.
So let's call it a tie.
(chuckles) Well, I'm glad you're here.
Now, take a glass.
I'm good.
You don't have to be.
(laughs) There you go.
Go on.
Right.
Welcome.
Thank you.
(walkers snarling) Gotta move quick.
He's pinned in with them.
I got the far ones.
(groans) Thanks.
Thanks.
(whinnies) (walkers snarling) (whinnying) I got the ones on the right.
Go ahead.
(horse breathing heavily) (sighs) He always ran.
You were trying to help him.
- (music playing) - (people chatting) - Hey.
- Hi.
Hey.
You okay? Yeah.
Yeah.
Just isn't really my thing.
- I think I'm gonna head out.
- No, no.
You're not bailing.
We're in this together, man.
Maggie: You're here with us now.
You're here with family.
Come on.
Daryl.
Hey.
Thought you were going to that party over there.
Oh, I was never going to go 'cause of Eric's ankle, thank God.
Why the hell did you tell me to go, then? I said try.
You did.
It's a thought that counts thing.
- All right.
- Hey, come in.
Have some dinner.
Come on, man.
It's some pretty serious spaghetti.
Look, she's here, which means it's empty, so I'll go with you.
No, remember - You're invisible.
- Mm-hmm.
Hey, Rick, this is my husband Pete.
Hey, good to meet you.
I wanted to thank you for taking on being our constable.
If we keep growing at this rate, we're gonna need even more.
I hope so.
You want to come by my office next week? I'll take a look at you.
And I probably should have said I was a doctor first.
I think it sounded nice either way.
I'm going to get us a refill.
- Oh, I can do it.
- I'm on it.
Having fun? Yes, I am.
That's kind of a stupid question, right? (chuckles) No.
Still, this place has a pretty amazing view.
Yeah? Yeah, take a look.
Ordinary life like before.
Well, not like before.
No.
Yeah, no.
I mean-- I mean, it's better.
Not out there, in here.
You know, everyone's been through it somehow.
Everyone.
And a lot of things disappeared.
But a lot of bullshit went with it.
They're all from totally different backgrounds, different places.
They never would have even met.
And now they're part of each other's lives.
They are each other's lives.
I'm just saying, we all lost things, but we got something back.
It isn't enough, but it's something.
Carl: No, it was a tie, man.
You saw it, right? (chuckles) Yeah, yeah, it's a pretty good view.
- Mom, there's no more cookies.
- Oh.
Well, I happen to know the cookie maker.
She's a good friend of mine.
And I might be able to see about her making a whole batch just for you.
Mom, he doesn't have a stamp.
Oh.
Do you want a stamp? Sure.
See? Now you're officially one of us.
Yeah.
- Ron: Hey, Sam.
- Sam, wait, don't run.
- I'll see you later.
- Yeah.
(knocking) Trying to make a getaway, huh? I can pretend I didn't make it.
I'm Sasha.
I'm Spencer.
Deanna's my mom.
Your mom she seems nice.
Well, if you want to hang with me, I'll make sure you don't get stuck with Mrs.
Neudermyer.
She really, really likes talking about how much she wants a pasta maker.
It's not a conversation you want to have.
Excuse me.
(slurping) (grunts) Thanks.
Mmm, when you're out there, if you happen to be in a store or something, Mrs.
Neudermyer is really looking for a pasta maker.
And we're all really trying to get her to shut up about it.
I mean, we have crates of dried pasta in here, but she wants to make her own or something.
I really think she just wants something to talk about, so if you see one out on your travels, it would go a long way to I thought it was done.
You didn't ask him already? Ask me what? When I got the place, there was that frame and some parts and equipment.
Whoever lived here built them.
It's a lot of parts for one bike.
Whenever I came across any parts out there, I brought them back.
I didn't know what I'd need.
I always thought I'd learn how to do it, but I get the feeling you already know what to do with it.
And the thing is, you're going to need a bike.
Why? I told Deanna not to give you a job because I think I have one for you.
I'd like you to be Alexandria's other recruiter.
I don't want Eric risking his life anymore.
You want me risking mine, right? Yeah, because you know what you're doing.
You're good out there.
But you don't belong out there.
I know it's hard getting used to people getting used to you.
And I understand right now you need to be out there sometimes.
So do I.
But the main reason why I want you to help me recruit is because you do know the difference between a good person and a bad person.
I got nothing else to do.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I'll get you some rabbits.
(laughs) Great.
(chatter) (door opens) You packing different steel nowadays? (chuckles) Yeah.
Live by it, you die by it and eat potato puffs by it.
(chuckles) Pray to God you don't have to use it again.
Pray to God you don't get used to not using it again.
It's on your back even when it's off your back.
Hmm.
How much have you had to drink? (both laugh) I am a large man.
And I have had many beers to make up for that.
Uh-huh.
And you know what? By that brave act, I have-- I have come to realize that things have worked out pretty damn well for me.
(chuckles) How about you? What have you done? I put on this dress.
Try again.
Sam: What are you doing? Sam, what are you doing here? I followed you.
I was hoping you were going to make more cookies, but then you came here.
Well, I could make more.
I could make a whole batch just for you.
- Would you like that? - Yes.
- I mean, yes, please.
- Okay.
But you've got to promise me you can keep it secret that I came here.
But I'd have to tell my mom.
I mean, I tell my mom everything.
You can never tell anyone, especially your mom.
Because if you do one morning you'll wake up and you won't be in your bed.
Where will I be? You'll be outside the walls far, far away tied to a tree.
And you'll scream and scream because you'll be so afraid.
No one will come to help because no one will hear you.
Well, something will hear you.
The monsters will come.
The ones out there.
And you won't be able to run away when they come for you.
And they will tear you apart and eat you up all while you're still alive.
All while you can still feel it.
And then afterwards, no one will ever know what happened to you.
Or you can promise not to ever tell anyone what you saw here and then nothing will happen.
And you'll get cookies.
Lots of cookies.
I know what I think you should do.
- (music playing) - (chatter) That's a pretty good view, too, isn't it? It's been a long time since I held one of these.
She and Carl they're why I'm still here.
And I get what you've been telling me.
What's that? Here isn't that bad.
(fusses) Do you want to take her? Yeah.
Sasha.
Come join us.
I promise all you have to do is listen.
Come on.
Okay.
Bless her heart.
I don't get what takes her so long.
I mean, we only have one copy and the point of book club is that we all read the book.
I just keep hoping that a dentist shows up at our gates.
- It's his teeth.
- I mean, it's just so much better when it's fresh.
- (overlapping conversations) - (heart beating) I mean, it's just so much better when it's fresh.
(walkers snarling) Sasha, honey, what's your favorite meal? I'd love to cook it for you sometime.
I'm doing it for all the new arrivals.
- I don't know.
- Of course you do.
Everyone has favorites.
So what's yours? Whatever you want.
I'm just worried that I'll end up cooking something you hate, you know? You're worried? That's what you worry about?! I'm trying to figure out what it is.
What it is exactly.
This it isn't real.
Sasha, you've been through a lot and I accept that, but what you just said that's bullshit.
Take your pick.
Look, I've been thinking.
Do we really need these? I mean, things go bad, yeah, sure.
We do what we gotta do, but it's like you said.
We don't need these for that.
Right now we don't.
You wanted me to try, right? I'm good.
(hammering) (sighs) Hey, Rick.
(music playing) Where is the sun That shone on my head? (metal rattling) The sun in my life It is dead It is dead Where is the light That would play in my streets? (walker snarling) And where are the friends I could meet? I could meet? Where are the girls I left far behind? The spicks and the specks Of the girls on my mind Where is the sun That shone on my head?

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s05e13

