The Walking Dead s05e09 Episode Script
What Happened and What's Going On

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s05e09

Previously on AMC's The Walking Dead I'm out of here when the time is right.
- Where is home? - Virginia.
We had walls.
You got to say good bye.
You let me help you.
I lied! I'm not a scientist.
I don't know how to stop it.
- One of yours for one of mine.
- Alright.
I get it now.
(shoveling continues) (woman crying) (crying) Gabriel: "We look not at what can be seen, but we look at what cannot be seen.
For what can be seen is temporary but what cannot be seen is eternal.
For we know that if the earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.
" She was gonna come with me.
How far? Outside Richmond, Virginia.
(Judith crying) Rick: It was secure.
It has a wall, homes, 20 people.
Beth wanted to go with him.
She wanted to get him there.
It's a long trip, but if it works out, it's the last long trip we have to make.
And what if it isn't around anymore? Then we keep going.
Michonne: Then we find a new place.
(shovel scraping dirt) It's better now.
(theme music playing) How far out? Five miles.
Hey, Carol.
Carol: I'm here.
We're halfway there.
Just wanted to check the range.
Everybody's holding tight.
We've made it 500 miles.
Maybe this can be the easy part.
Got to think we're due.
Give us 20 minutes to check in.
Carol: We don't hear from you, we'll come looking.
Rick: Copy that.
I've been wanting to tell you something.
What's that? The trade.
It was the right play.
It worked.
It did work.
Just something else happened after.
It went the way it had to.
The way it was always going to.
I never wanted to kill anybody before.
I've wanted that.
But it just made it so I didn't see anything except what I wanted.
I wasn't facing it.
Noah: Facing what? What happened, what's going on.
My dad always told Sasha and me that it was our duty as citizens of the world to keep up with the news.
When I was little and I was in his car, there were always those stories on the radio.
Something happens 1,000 miles away or down the block.
Some kind of horror I couldn't even wrap my head around.
But he didn't change the channel.
He didn't turn it off.
He just kept listening.
To face it.
Keeping your eyes open.
My dad always called that paying the high cost of living.
I lost my dad in Atlanta.
I think he would have liked yours.
Still got a mom and a couple of twin brothers.
I hope.
I hope so, too.
Two more miles.
All right.
Let's pull into the woods.
We'll go on foot.
Stay off the road.
Noah: We don't need to.
Just in case.
Rick: This is good.
Through the trees, it might just look like part of the wreck.
(snarling, thumping) (snarling continues) It's this way.
Your people do this? Wanted to.
They must have.
Ah! You all right? Yeah.
Yeah.
They have spotters? Snipers? We built a perch on a truck.
Sometimes it's out front.
Not today.
(flies buzzing) (clangs) (distant bangs) Noah: You hear that? Just wait.
(Noah grunts) (panting) Rick: Noah, hold up.
Noah! (snarling) (sobbing) Come on.
It's all right.
You're gonna be with us now.
(sighs) (snarling) (sighs) I'll get him.
(sobbing) I'm sorry, Noah.
I truly am.
We should see if there's anything we can use and head back.
Then what? They see us.
We can make a quick sweep.
I'll stay with him.
Carol, you copy? Carol: We're here.
We made it.
It's gone.
(snarling) Clean shirt.
- We'll figure it out.
- We will.
There's some garbage bags in the garage.
You didn't think it would still be here? Did you? After it happened, right after with Beth in the hospital, I saw that woman Dawn.
She didn't mean to do it.
I knew it.
I saw it.
But I wanted to kill her.
I remember I just wondered if it even mattered one way or another.
Didn't have a thing to do with Beth.
I don't know if I thought it would still be here.
But Beth wanted to get him here.
She wanted to get him back home.
This was for her.
And it could have been for us, too.
(crying) I wanted to die for what I lost.
Who I had lost.
I stepped out into a crowd of those things just trying to take it all out on them until they took me.
Put them all in front of me so I didn't see anything.
But I just kept going.
And then later, I was there for Judith when she needed me.
I saved her.
I brought her back to her dad.
And that wouldn't have happened if I had just given up if I hadn't chosen to live.
Noah.
Noah.
This isn't the end.
Hmm? There you go.
That's right.
Hey, we should-- Noah.
Noah.
Noah! I was thinking about that guy in the storage container.
Back at Terminus.
How I made us stop.
After the prison, on my trip, I got Maggie back.
Things went okay.
Losing Washington losing-- losing Beth right after just finding out she's alive I hadn't caught up with you yet.
If it were now, I wouldn't make us stop.
We'd run right by.
And I would have shot that woman dead.
Right or wrong.
We need to stop.
You can be out here too long.
Hey, hey.
(panting) This is my house.
You don't want to go in there.
Yes, I do.
Let me see it.
Me first.
(pounds) (pounds) - I tried to come back sooner.
- (creaking) I tried.
But I did what you told me to.
(snarling, scratching) (thumping) (snarling) (screams) (growling) You're okay.
Just hold on.
I'll get them.
I'll get-- I'll get them.
(door opens, creaks) (radio buzzing, changing channels) Man's voice: At least 68 citizens of the republic have been killed in four deadly attacks along the main coastal district.
The group has continued their campaign of random violence, moving across the countryside unfettered with the republic's military forces in disarray.
(labored breathing) I tried to tell you.
I tried to tell you, man.
It was gonna be you.
You're the kind of guy who saves babies.
You think Gareth would have been able to follow you guys if you'd have just put a bullet in my brain? Cut me up like your sister did? Oh, whoa, whoa.
Don't get up.
(breathing heavily) If I hadn't told them that you were there, maybe Gareth wouldn't have gone after you.
Maybe they wouldn't be dead.
Maybe Bob wouldn't be dead.
Maybe him being alive, maybe something about that would have changed things with Beth.
Domino shit.
(chuckles) Maybe not.
Maybe you wouldn't be bit right now.
Bob: Man, that is bullshit.
I got bit at the food bank.
It went the way it had to, the way it was always going to.
- Just like this.
- (static hissing) Man on radio: then terrorizing the village by night, carrying out revenge attacks involving hacking innocents with machetes and, in some cases, setting them on fire.
Martin: If you just did it, if you didn't lie like a bitch, it might have changed things.
Maybe the bill would have been paid.
The bill has to be paid.
You have to earn your keep.
You told me you'd do whatever you had to do to earn your keep.
That's what you said.
Hmm? Remember that? - (static hissing) - (snarling over radio) Lizzie: It's better now, Tyreese.
It is.
It's better now.
It's not better now.
You know damn well what-- (snarling) (screams) (groans) (breathing heavily) We could put some of the garage doors together against the break.
Park a car against them until we can brick it back up.
Michonne: It can work.
This place is surrounded by a forest.
There's no sight lines.
Whoever, whatever would be on top of us without us even knowing it.
That's probably what happened.
That's what happened to us.
We could start taking down the trees.
We use them to build the walls up.
Look.
It doesn't matter.
What? You said you wondered if it even mattered if you killed her or not.
It doesn't matter if you had done it or if I had, or that Daryl did.
It doesn't matter.
Washington.
Eugene lied about a cure, but he thought of Washington for a reason.
But he was lying.
About the cure, but he did the math and realized that Washington was the place where there'd be a chance.
We're close.
(sighs) What if there are people there? Huh? What if it's someplace that we can be safe? We're 100 miles away.
It's a possibility.
It's a chance.
Instead of just being out here.
Instead of just making it.
Because right now, this is what making it looks like.
Don't you want one more day with a chance? (snarling) Rick: We should go.
It's 100 miles away.
We should go to Washington.
Noah: Rick! Help, Rick! Glenn! Michonne! (snarling) Help! Glenn: Noah, hold on! I got him.
(clangs) You okay? (grunts) - It's Tyreese! - Where? My house.
He's been bit.
(buzzing, static hissing) (channels changing) (guitar playing) (channels changing) Every man has a right To live Love is all that we have To give Together we struggle - (baby crying) - by our will to survive And together we'll fight just to stay alive (crying continues) Struggling man has got to move Struggling man, no time to lose I'm a struggling man And I've got to move on.
(static buzzing) It's okay, Tyreese.
You gotta know that now.
It's okay that you didn't want to be a part of it anymore, Ty.
Beth: You don't have to be a part of it.
(Martin laughing) (grunts) See, that's your problem right there.
What's my problem? You didn't want to be part of it, but being part of it is being now.
That's what it is.
Open your eyes.
Lizzie: You don't have to.
Not if you don't want to.
You don't.
It's better now.
You told me you'd earn your keep.
You had no idea what you were talking about, did you? Did you?! Your eyes were open, but you didn't want to see.
Even though I made you see it.
I showed you.
But did you adapt? Did you change? No.
That you would sit there in front of a woman who killed someone you loved and you would forgive her.
That's all there is.
This is all there is.
This is it.
(whimpering) (panting) I didn't know who I was talking to.
I said I would do what I had to to earn my keep, but I didn't know you.
But I know-- I know who I am.
I know what happened and what's going on.
I know.
You didn't show me shit.
You, you're dead.
Everything that you were is dead.
And it's-- it's not over.
I forgave her because it's not over.
(sobbing) It's not over.
It's-- it's not over.
I didn't turn away.
I kept listening to the news so I could do what I could to help! I'm not giving up.
You hear me? I'm not giving up! People like me-- people like me, they can live.
Ain't nobody got to die today.
You have to pay the bill.
(panting) - You hold him! - I got it! Go! One hit, clean! Go! - (panting) - (walkers snarling) - Push it! - (grunts) - (walkers snarling) - Glenn: Let's go! Let's go! - Let's go! - Michonne: Through the back.
Rick: We've got to break the chain.
Let's go.
(snarling) - We can use the bat.
- Noah: I got him.
Can you hold him up? Yeah.
Get ready! (sound fades out) (music playing) (snarling) One, two, three, now! Man, if you believe that, then it's definitely gonna be you and the kid.
(gunshot) (grunting) (Sasha screaming) - No-- - Leave it.
I got him.
Stay with us, now.
Stay with us.
Governor: You have to pay the bill! I got you.
Easy now, easy.
- Okay, one, two, three.
- (all grunt) Michonne: What? Wait, wait, wait, wait! - Rick: Come on! - Noah: Come on.
Glenn: Open them! Noah: Come on, man.
Open your eyes.
Open your eyes! (all yell) Beth: Together we struggle - By our will to survive - It went the way it had to, the way it was always going to.
And together we fight Just to stay alive You got to hold on, man.
Hold on! - Glenn: His feet! Get his feet.
- Rick: Two, three - (all grunt) - Rick: Let's go! Beth: Struggling man, no time to lose I'm a struggling man And I've got to move on I'm a struggling man And I've got to move on.
Come on, give him to me.
- Bring him in.
- I got him.
(all grunting) - Rick: Hold him up.
- You're all right.
You're all right.
Carol, we're at the car.
We need to cauterize the arm and wrap it.
Get Sasha and Carl away.
- They don't need to see this.
- (engine starts) Come on, come on, come on, come on.
(snarling) Noah: Come on.
Come on! Man on radio: There have been troubling reports of cannibalism having broken out in refugee camps along the republic's transportation corridor.
And despite the string of victories by rebel forces, there are disturbing reports of increasing the brutality of their tactics including the wholesale destruction of villages, burning down local prisons, targeting of civilians, and even the widespread mutilation of children and young mothers.
And this seems like only the beginning of their campaign that they label as an endless war against Turn it off.
You sure? It's okay, Tyreese.
You gotta know that now.
It isn't just okay.
It's better now.
"We look not at what can be seen, but we look at what cannot be seen.
For what can be seen is temporary, but what cannot be seen is eternal.
For we know that if the earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, a house not made from hands, eternal in the heavens.
In the heavens.

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=the-walking-dead&episode=s05e09

