Blood Brothers



                    			You have given Caesar mission? He secrets himself among the rebels. Greater glory than the death of your enemy. Advance! I ordered them to stand ground but they fled. What punishment would you have me inflict? Decimation. Fifty men, fifty stones. Five stained with the promise of death. See this last thing that I ask of you to its end, and I will fill your ship with all the riches this city yet holds. Let us see it done then brother. Spartacus, Crixus and the others have gone mad. Get your weapons, Keep watch over the Cilicians. You seem you favor their fucking company. You will regain sense. It is you who has lost sense. Yet I now doubt path he travels. Then perhaps the time has come, to forge our own. See them cleaned of blood and salted, to hold rot at length. They maybe yet some purpose. Agron. I would share a moment. I have no time nor desire. Perhaps Castus is less taken. I do not care for the way his eyes frame upon you. A gaze I grew familiar with when we were yet slaves to Batiatus. I fear return to days of old. There are many who believe Crixus holds higher ground, with the slaughtering of the prisoners. And where do you stand, in such regard? With you. And always shall upon field of battle. Return to the villa. I would have guard Laeta and her people in my absence. Is it wise leaving city walls with so much unsettled within them? Should you not attempt words and the healing of festering wound? I'm done with words. Oh, you must learn our tongue. You know what cruses she rains upon you. I prefer the bliss of ignorance. As all men should, huh. We break for Sicilia, and the promise of blood. It is ill time for drink. I but lend support to brother Lugo. I fear the water. And the monsters within it. All has been prepared for your voyage, King Spartacus. As agreed upon. With many times its weight to follow. More than enough for wine-- and for soft lips around you cock huh, to remove lingering thoughts of the Syrian boy. You do not sail with us? Heracleo is for more pressing matters. I paid for your services. You paid for my ship. And who shall helm it? That is what I pay Tryphon for. Good fortune, King Spartacus. I shall raise a cup in your honor. Come Captain. Let this night be forever remembered. Begin! You wish to fight now? Where was such lust for blood when stood against Spartacus? We are mired in piss and shit because of you. Because you turned and fled like frightened children in the face of our enemy. It is cruelest fate that you yet draw breath. While the man who stood ground beside me was struck from this world for your fucking cowardice! I would not have our stores fall below reasonable note. See more grain brought from holdings in Sicilia. Imperator. Senator Metellus. Apologies for lack of proper reception. I was unaware you'd strayed so far from the comforts of mother Rome. I seek neither vain formality nor luxurious appointment. Only answer to singular question, why did the Senate granted you an army only for it to stand idle half day's march from Sinuessa? The Senate did not grant me an army. They granted command. Every horse, every sword, every man your eye lays upon was purchased with coin from my own vaults. Shall be set to purpose by the will of Marcus Crassus alone. And was it your will that sounded retreat against Spartacus in inaugural confrontation? You were dispatched to balm grievous wound suffered against him. Not to inflict further injury with such unfortunate news. A minor skirmish foolishly engaged. Those who turned from their duty have been dealt with. News that also inflames ear. Is it true you exhume putrid spectre of decimation? I but give needed lesson in commitment. When next my soldiers face Spartacus it shall be the rebel who falls to misfortune. The people shall greet such event with celebration. As they greet word of Pompey's victory in Hispania. He has defeated Sertorius? And soon shall be once again upon our shores with his own legions. It shall be of a comfort if Spartacus yet plagues us. Spartacus shall be far from thought in advance of the adolescent butcher's return. Your tongue rattles bold noise. But here you sit absent thunder and purpose. What would you have me do? Hurtle myself against city walls in mad attempt. I would have you bring this to an end, Imperator. A thing already set to motion. Caesar is within Sinnuessa, secreted among the rebels. Caesar? You would place our fate in the hands of that arrogant fucking boy? Spartacus will not be put to grass by brute force, as Pompey would surely attempt. He's a man of keen intellect, and must be dealt with in kind. You speak as though you admire the man. He came from humble beginnings, and now even the Senate trembles before him. I find no greater cause for admiration. The Senate does not tremble-- except in anger that you fail to act. I but wait for proper opportunity. Yet if a small force advanced upon above Sinuessa would assuage fear How many men? How many did you travel with? You would seek to order my men to do what you will not? I would seek to include you in glorious victory. If thought does not appeal, return home. And leave matters of war to the men who wage them. You give me sword? You've proven yourself trusted, Lyciscus. And I would see you well armed, were another attempt made upon my life. Gratitude. I long to see it put to proper use. As do I. A desire well shared. Soon we shall throw open gate, and split Roman ass with cocks hard of purpose. What of Spartacus? Will he return from voyage upon sea to join us? Spartacus is no longer among us? I was down at the docks when he departed with Gannicus and the Cilicians. You did not know of this? No. I did not. He protects the fuckin' Romans. And now treads water with Heracleo, absent word? Heracleo does not sail with them. He remains in Sinuessa? With his man Castus. They are for drink, and baser pleasures. And what of Agron? Was he stroking Spartacus' cock when ship set to wave? I didn't see him. Seek Heracleo, and gain knowledge upon subject. We will have words have words with Agron. The fucking chasm widens. Gratitude, for the food. And the protection you provide my people. I do only as commanded. It is still a kindness, much appreciated. She fuckin' appreciates us. You and your people would have us all for the afterlife. As we would have you. But for the mercy of Spartacus. Give way or see brains upon the ground. Turn from whatever intentions cloud mind. You will not lay hands upon these people! We give no fuck towards your Roman pets. Why has Spartacus left the city? Where did you hear of this? Give fucking answer. Seek it from the man himself upon his return. I thought more of Spartacus, than a coward of secrets and schemes. As you schemed to slaughter these Romans against his command? They are the enemy. No different to the ones we suffered beneath as slaves. Or the ones who took your brother's life. There stood a time when you followed your own heart in matters of blood. What does it tell you? That we are different men now. Not all of us. Let Spartacus know I will have words, when he returns. I have born witness to many of your mad plans. Never did I believe they would lead us across the seas. Last I found myself upon them, I was in chains. Bound for Roman soil. My wife taken from me. A thing they shall eternally regret. Of that I have no doubt. Yet of current intentions, my mind is of less certainty. Crixus runs wild within the city, Crassus threatens growing storm without. Time ill considered for assault towards wheat in Sicilia. Heracelo tells of shipments large in the gathering. I would sever a blow to the man himself, not his purse. The food is meant to feed his army. Seizing it will aid in weak them, and force Crassus to fall to desired path. Point well made. One perhaps you would divine absent my words, were head not forever steeped in wine. A man must do what he can to brace he can embrace against the shit of a simple day. I hold you towards loftier esteem. As would most loyal to our cause if I were to fall. You know my thoughts towards the subject. I am no leader. You proved yourself more one than Crixus, when streets unfortunate with unfortunate blood. Had Naevia not put me to ground, I may have spilt the same. No. You would not have. They come to land. And blood of fucking Romans. Perhaps one day you will find reason closer to heart, to assume deserved mantle. And perhaps I will fall this very night. And leave you to weep with the other women. Keep formation! You wish to leave us? Sanus will send you on your way! Crassus well provides us. No escape. All dead. Let us see what more he has to offer this night. I look into his eyes, and no longer gaze upon the boy I knew. I have witnessed cold distance in his stare. You should break words and draw him near, where he belongs. Nothing do I crave more. Yet he has to find his own path, or be forever lost. Of course. I speak my heart, absent thought. It weighs heavy, seeing one so loved cast adrift. I can offer him no light upon welcoming shore. Yet you may appear as bright as the North Star, constant in its guidance. I'd do anything to ease the suffering of both son, and noble father. When you are within my arms, the world falls from concern. You will forever find me there. Until the gods tumble from the heavens. At last the fucking dice from favor. I shall see balance of what you have stolen returned. I shall see balance of wine drained from cock. The night is young and so are the whores. Linger, see both properly aged. Another game, then. I came about winnings easily, I would part with them hard. Would that all profited so in dealings with Spartacus. I fear blood soon to replace desired coin, when news meets of the rebel king's madness in Sicilia. It is a thing to trouble thoughts. And Spartacus commanding your ship, forcing you to shore as he sails towards uncertain fortune. A decision made of own fucking mind, absent cracks threatening foundation. To set upon holdings of the richest man in all the Republic is invitation for calamity and collapse. Spartacus moves against Crassus on Sicilia? I would clear head and cock, before more piss flows from errant tongue. Move my darling. Come on. I think Crixus would be eager to learn this. Pause. Let us see what more can be drawn from Cilician waters. I was of similar mind. You must eat. The man resents we yet draw breath. You do not stand object of his displeasure. Agron. Pause a moment. Spartacus is due upon docks. I would greet his return. And I would have much need of words. I yet have none to break. Is it a common trait among men east of the Rhine to run from a fight? No. Yet I have learned it one of a Syrian to shit lies from mouth and deem them sweetest nectar. I have not broken trust with you. You were with Castus. After I commanded you remain absent his company. Commanded? The collar that once bound my neck is but distant memory. Do not think I will slip it 'round again for you. Do not raise fucking hackle. If I had been discovered with the Cilician after promises made to you, you would be of equal passion. I came upon Castus in the street while Crixus and the others were seized with madness. We broke for you and Spartacus, absent time even for words to pass between us. And I am to believe of all within the city he miraculously appears by your side? As I would believe you. In all things. Agron, we have a fuckin' problem. How many crest hill? Thirty by count. Perhaps more concealed by dawn's mist. Scouts. Their numbers stand to few for advance. Soon they shall swell, their legions crashing upon us. Then perhaps we should send message of the folly of such an attempt. Gather weapons, and prepare to open gate! Spartacus would not allow foolish attack on Crassus. Whilst he lays assault on the man in Sicilia? He moves towards Crassus, and yet we're to sit here stoking cock. Let us show Crassus that all the coin in the world will not stay his blood upon fucking ground! You do not lead these people. Perhaps it's time I should. Crixus! Why are you assembled with rising intent? To meet those of Rome, gathered upon hill. He's given order to throw open gate. I would see it opened as well. At last he falls to fucking reason. Well you mistake me. I do not give command to see Crassus' men engaged. Then what moves purpose? I would see what remains of our Roman guests released. You set them free? You have lost fucking mind. As you have lost voice in all decisions of worth. Attempt to raise gate in advance of my word. And you will find it forever shut behind you. It seems another life. When we were embraced by the warmth of your father's villa. For some a place of each chill. When last did food pass lips? A thing of no care. To me nothing stands more so. Let us fall to the comfort of my tent, and turn from unforgiving ground. I remain with my men. As the Imperator would have it. Your father cares for you more than you know. His hand offered through touch of my own. You come to me upon his order? He has chosen to make gesture. Just as you must choose how it is received. What of your men that set upon us? They now stand willing to see us live? They are no longer my men, nor stand for reason. I will see you from the city, and far from their wrath. Would you have come to such compassion in advance of unfortunate events. We've both been deeply wounded by them. You have suffered but annoying scratch. Do not seek to place it upon level with severed fucking limb. I seek nothing, except the parting of ways. From you, and those who would break from my command. You forced Crixus and the other from Sinuessa? They'd remain within cursed walls. I am for Sicilia with those yet loyal and points beyond. The mighty Spartacus. Turning from noble cause. I but choose another path. One slick with blood, as any you travel. One Rome set me upon. Be thankful I leave its shores. And pray to your gods I never return. Move them back. Move! Stay back! We shall have your blood upon a day! You are blessed because Spartacus stands a fool. Move aside. You put us all at risk! I but move more to victory! By setting our enemies to the winds? You place wrath upon errant hem. Crassus stands truer enemy. And you deliver weapon into waiting hands. Laeta and the others have been among us too long. What they might have heard or laid eyes-- They laid eyes on two brothers divided. A chasm we must bridge. One widen by your schemes in Sicilia. A thing Crassus will believe as well. When Laeta tells him of it. You release her, so he will know of your plans? And when he moves to halt them We shall see the man and his legions to their end. Heracleo and his ships will carry half our forces in waves to Sicilia. Sanus and a clutch of trusted men to ensure the Cilicians stay true to bargain. Am I to remain in the city? With those known to be loyal to you. At least that is what Crassus will believe. The Roman bodies we have salted will be clothed to our cause, and placed to give the illusion of presence. You shall lead your forces through northern gate and across Melia Ridge, while we set upon Crassus' grain holdings on the island. He will have no choice but to break men in order to protect his supplies. Dividing his legions Giving you time to crest the ridge and drop upon his remaining forces while they yet believe you within city walls. I will be too few to defeat him. Alone, perhaps. Yet I would not have you so. We shall slip from Sicilia after Crassus' men have landed to engage us. And from the sea we shall join our brothers. Setting upon Crassus' weakened forces from two sides. You knew of this, when we broke words? I held only Agron to confidence. Gannicus being brought to knowledge during return from sea. I could not risk Laeta and the others discovering true intention. You fucking shits! You have been disagreeable of late. Any wonder you and your woman were left from fold? We must move past it. Or fall to ruin. Diotimus told of the bridge being impassable this late in season. A thing the Romans will believe as well. You shall prove them in gravest error. A lesson I long to teach. See our people quietly upon land. And make swift return for more. I shall try not to kill to many Romans short of your presence. You've had your fill of women and drink? I'm a man of the sea. And do not belong from it. If Castus ever awakes form drink, give word and we shall return for him. Gratitude, for all you have done. None deserved. I am but for coin, and the weight of it in my hand. You shall have it upon return. A glorious day for all. Until such time. King Spartacus. It is a mad fucking plan. The sort I most favor. You deem report from northern efforts accurate? I do, Imperator. Then we but await divinity of the moment. If sign from the gods is all you seek to spur intent Then lay wanting eyes upon it. Spartacus releases a clutch of prisoners from Sinuessa. You will find what this one carries upon tongue of pressing interest. Well come. Break silence, and see more discerning mind gauge worth of it. Spartacus and his men move against Sicilia. What of the remainder? They have fractured from the man and yet hold the city. Now is our chance! Sinuessa stands but partially defended. So it would appear. Must brought great suffering, to witness the fall of your city? Beyond the telling of it. And yet you survived. A most fortunate blessing. Bestowed only by name of Aedile's wife. You stand married to Ennius? Do not see the point. Give reply. When he was yet of this world, yes. Spartacus knew of this, and forced me to lend aid in dealing with the Cilicians. You gave aid to the man that robbed you of husband's life, in order to save your own? To save as many of my people that yet drew breath. A thing I would do again, if so needed. Imperator. The woman gives vital information. Why do you continue to stand idle? As I have said, I but pause for opportunity, now presented. Gratitude for your spirit. We shall break words again, once we retake your city. Give command to prepare for march. You have wine? Falernian. A gift from your father. Come, let us share a cup. The legions have been called to formation. I pray it a favored sign. That the war will soon be over, and we may return home. To be met with glory and laurels. For the Imperator and the men that yet serve beneath him. To move without cherished son weighs upon his heart. I do not speak of myself. But of those robbed of life by intemperate command. Know that it was not given lightly. Nor absent regret. Would that I had drawn this stone, and had fallen in Sabinus' place. You do not mean that. Would the world not still turn absent my presence? Would the Imperator not still march towards desire's end, absent dragging weight of constant disappointment? Your father loves you, Tiberius. It appears he loves you more. A thing far removed from truth. Shh Everything will be as it should, little master. Everything will be as it should Apologies. You mistake intent. No. You mistake mine. He took something from me. And I would have something in return Stop this Tiberius -- You forget your place. Despite fine appointments and elevated worth, you are yet a slave. And shall do as I fucking command. See all amphoras of pitch from atop wall. Crixus shall find need of them upon the ridge. Vertiscus! Correus! With me! Move along. Keep moving. Move. Move. Move along! Litaviccus. See her safely towards encampment. All we could lay hands. No more in city. I pray we hold enough. I pray we hold enough wine. We forge journey towards new beginnings. I would have one between us as well. Would you now? Your friend, the blacksmith. Though he forced my hand, I know now, he did not deserve such a fate. And your hand so forced when you made assault upon me? Would you not have done the same, to protect one you love? You are a true warrior now, Naevia. Lay hand upon me again for whatever reason, and I will treat you as one. Keep moving! Move! Move! Move! Keep moving! Clear streets! Move out! You move in wrong direction, brother. We are for Crixus and Melia Ridge. I would move towards more promising opportunities. Well as would fucking I. Yet Crixus has come to terms, and we are but mortal men following in the path of gods. We follow path to frozen death, while Spartacus sails towards warm embrace of Sicilia. He would not have you, so stained with the blood of those Roman shits he gave protection. The die has been cast, and we must see game to bitter end. I suppose we must. Come. Let us join Crixus-- Have you lost your fucking mind, Lyciscus? It has always been my own. That of Gaius Julius Caesar. You stand Roman? As you stand for the afterlife. Wait! Wait-- stay your hand and I will offer aid! You would turn against your people? These-these are not my people! I come from lands east of the Rhine, and I would draw breath to return to them upon a day. I can see you close to Spartacus. And together-- we can end the mad fuck. An offer much appreciated yet I have made other arrangements. Move to your purpose and clear the streets! Clear the streets! See what delays Agron and Donar. I would have leave of this fucking city. As would I. Gannicus. I thought you for the ridge. I did not wish to leave without words. Would that I could stop them. Before you came to the city, I prayed to the gods that they would deliver me from the hands of my dominus. And in you my prayers were answered. I have heard this tale before. And found it equally misguided. I do not ask you to believe it true. Only to accept that it is what I hold to heart. I accept it. Now on your way. May the gods watch over you. And you, if I can not. Drive on! Secure the ship! Make ready! Their return stretches hour. Cilicians are not known to be of such concerns. Nor of good manners nor proper bath. Apologies. The fates conspired towards unfortunate delay. Where is Sanus? Gone from this world. He fell to the Romans? To their desiresand to the weight of more coin than even a king could offer. Apologies, brother. I did not wish you such an end. Over here we must see that the be retaken! Gather the last of the pitch and see it to Crixus. Meet upon the docks when you are finished-- Romans! You fucking traitor! No, a fucking Roman. Spartacus! Open the gates! Donar, The Rope! Crixus. Crixus. Fucking pirates. You come to aid most fortunate moment. As you have often done. Spartacus! Those are Roman ships. Fall back to the ridge. Move! Fall back! Whatever your plan it dies with you, Roman. Now would be time to run.   
                
