Spoils of War



                    			Before he came to the city, I prayed to the gods that they would deliver me from the hands of my Dominus. And in you my prayers were answered. Then see it repaid, by staying far from my presence. And men of my kind. Spartacus releases a clutch of prisoners from Sinuessa. You gave aid to the man that robbed you of husband's life, in order to save your own? A thing I would do again, if so needed. Your father loves you, Tiberius. No, he took something from me. And I would have something in return. Apologies, brother. I did not wish you such an end. We are betrayed! We must see gate opened and city retaken! Fucking traitor. No, I'm fucking Roman. Did I not tell you that you should run? We must hold the gate! There are too many! Fall back! Fall back! Welcome to Sinuessa. Where did fucking these appear from? The gate has fallen! We have been betrayed. Fuck! I stand eternal fool for laying trust in Heracleo. Heracleo? It was Lyciscus that turned upon us. He stands fucking Roman. Fucking shit! That is why he aided the Cilicians. They have fucked us as well? Where is Nasir? Dispatched with Lugo to call warning. I must find him. Carry word to break for northern gate. We must see all that remain to safety of the ridge. You would have us run? I would have us live. Then we must fight and make our stand here -- Crassus has seized the moment. We are not prepared to face him in the streets. Nor will our numbers pass through northern gate before he descends upon them. I will cause distraction, and gain needed time. By what means? I have no fucking idea. No, move with the others, I will draw the Romans away -- This is not request! You lead these people. If you were to fall it would be fatal blow. My passing of lesser concern. Of concern to me. Gannicus -- Go! I will find you when it is done. We shall wait as long as we are able, brother. You mad fuck. Do not die. Nor you. Go with them, quickly. Go. My passing would be of even lesser concern than yours. Stay close to heel. I would not greet this night our last. Have you lost mind?! Castus came to aid! He and his people aid only the fucking Romans! I do not know of what you speak! I awoke from drink to find my brothers gone. He had no hand in this. Agron More come. We must go. Make attempt to seize weapon, and I'll have your fucking life. We move for the ridge. Go! Not much of a plan, is it? If you hold better one, break words. Gannicus? Jupiter fuck me. Why are you yet within the city? I was upon path to leave it when the Romans came. I did not know what to do. Gannicus. Hold tears. Stay by my side, do not make a sound. Or see us all to the afterlife. Go! They abandon hope and burn the city. The rebels have set torch to horreum. Three centuries have been dispatched to quell -- Recall them and move towards commanded path. Imperator. Spartacus attempts to turn victory into ash and you recall your men? I have set plan to motion, and will not fall to distraction. We advance on northern gate! Form up! Keep pace and do not pause! Quickly! Hurry! Move! Donar! If I am to die, it lifts heart to share final moment with you. Many have fallen this night. You shall not be among them. Keep pace! Spartacus! Castus. You traitorous fuck. He knew nothing of this. By his own fucking tongue. This is not time to fall to quarrel! Bind his hands and see him through the gate with the others. Those who can fight take rear position as you take to the ridge! Take him! Move quickly, and do not turn back! Fall back! See all through the gate! Hold! Attack! We must seal gate behind us! Oh, Crixus! Go! The man you seek. Spartacus! Seize him! Even the gods grant aid to the fucking man. They but delay inevitable fall. Bring ram to bear. Sentries to guard sundered gateway. We do not follow? In time. Sweep the city for any of his followers that yet hold breath. So that we may rob them of it in celebration of glorious victory. Fuck your little bird, you Roman cunt. Search everywhere. Go on. Search them all! Give men rest and meal. Tomorrow's dawn shall see them march upon the ridge. What of followers' camp, and the Romans freed by Spartacus? Shall they be moved within safety of city walls? Only soldiers to be permitted within. Any found absent proper watchword to be executed upon sight. I would not have streets swollen with bodies errant rebels yet could secret themselves among. Though deserving few shall be granted consideration. Dispatch your men and see all upon this brought to villa. Imperator. Ah, you return to form, Caesar. A most welcomed sight. I was only just praising him for his ability to blend so effortlessly with a pack of savage dogs. A thing of ill consideration, had Crassus not plucked scheme from fevered brain. I am of regret to have ever laid doubt upon it. The Senate will be most pleased to greet news of Sinuessa en Valle's liberation. Linger before return to Rome, see it celebrated with Carnificina. Executions? As night greets us. I've set aside one of the finest villas for you to rest and see yourself to bath, until such a time. A gesture unexpected, yet much appreciated. Gratitude. Preening little fuck. A sentiment shared. Yet he holds the ear of the Senate, and I would see him well satisfied to further bolster tale of our victory carried back to Rome. You speak again of victory shrouded from discerning eye. Spartacus yet lives, with considerable force aiding him upon Melia Ridge. There is no escape from the ridge. It stands impassable. Words most likely broken by the fool Glaber when he had the rebel trapped upon Vesuvius. You believe me the fool? I believe you a man of infinite plots, twisting upon themselves to shame Gordian knot. Praise well received. Now part mind from troubled thoughts, and allow it returned. The rebellion has suffered fatal blow. At celebration I would honor hand that struck it. Would that the Thracian's head upon pike bore witness to such laurels. Hold fast to patience, a thing that has propelled us to the ground we now stand upon. And in briefest passing shall claim Spartacus and all those who yet follow the doom of his shadow. No one's here. They take leave? Not all. Thousands more swell in streets. The ones above spoke of victory, great numbers lost to us. Coupled with the curse that Spartacus yet eludes them. He is a troublesome man to kill. I have attempted it myself upon occasion. The gods favor him. And bless us as well. They piss upon us and you welcome it as cooling rain. We are alive. Because they yet guide your hand. One I have faith will see us from darkest hour. Would that I shared the same. You have done this before. My Dominus inflicted many wounds upon his slaves. I often tended their injuries. Who tended yours? Diotimus showed a kindness. Did he now? He stood as a brother to me. Apologies. You struck down the man that took his life. The man that took my own, a small piece at a time over span of years. Would that it had made difference. You have made all in the world. Hold! See her hands freed of bond. This woman stands no fucking slave. I know you. Do I not? You have laid eyes upon distorted reflection of the man before you. I was secreted among the rebels, beard upon cheek and lies upon tongue. You stood with Crixus and his animals as they slaughtered my people, bound in chains. A deed of much regret. Yet born of necessity. I could not risk discovery short of turning the Cilicians to our cause. In war, one does what one must to survive. A burden not unfamiliar. Crassus would have word. You are to be fed proper meal and bathed in rosewater, in the villa you once called home. Come. Apologies. I did not move to frighten. Recent events set nerves to edge. See grave concern give way. The city is taken, and I stand unscathed. A great victory. One whose celebration, I would have you share in. I am to stay here, with you? Would you stand pleased by it? Beyond the telling of words. There is no cause for tears on such a day. They are of joy, to find myself delivered from followers' camp. Delivered? Has it grown so unpleasant? Unbearably so The fault is mine. I lay upon Kore heavy burden, of lending ear to my grief in the passing of Sabinus. And my hand in it. A man does what is required, when fate calls upon him. As all soldiers must. Kore served greater comfort than you will ever know. Yet I fear my pain has, pressed hard against her. I pray you are not too delicate to bear such weight. I stand no soldier in this conflict. Yet I too shall do what I must. I am forever grateful. See wine and food prepared. Yes, Dominus. This war has forever changed her. She does not stand alone is such regard. I am but hardened by it, and the lessons it has taught. I had thought decimation in threat of pulling you from reason. Yet you rise like the phoenix, the fire of purpose filling eye. And soon shall take your place again as my word and my will. Soon? You did not summon to reinstate me into the legion? I would have you present Carnificina for the men. It will elevate you in the eyes of the legion to be seen in such giving spirit. And ease the way for you to again assume command. A privilege then. And opportunity to honor you and your triumph. You mistake intent. We shall honor Caesar as the victor. There is no love lost between us. Surely there must be more fitting service that I might -- A shrewd man turns rival to valued ally. Caesar is blessed with storied name, and shall one day rise to shame the very sun. Make peace, and bask in glorious light. He shall be awarded all respect deserved. Many a boy may enter a war. Yet at it's end, only a man will emerge. It warms my heart to see you become one. I am what you have made me. More soldiers return. They pry wood and beams searching for vermin. If we stay, will they not find us? They will. Is there nothing we can do? There is but one thing. Pray. If any but my visage return, take your life. It will be a kindness in comparison to what they will do to you. Rebel! Here! I got him! I begin to believe in your gods. Let us see how far they will take us. Falernian. A taste I recall you favor. It is for your father. As are many things. The Imperator has much pressing upon mind. Laying more upon it would only serve to open grievous wound. Do all the years I have cared for you stand for nothing? They have brought me greatest comfort. It would sadden heart, to see you turned from our house. Or set to cruelest punishment If he ever learned how you willingly gave yourself to me in attempt to ease my pain. If errant word falls from mouth, only suffering will follow them. At the hands of the Imperator. Or my own. And I will not be as gentle next time. You stand a vision. One to rival my own beloved wife. It is as a dream, to be resurrected so. Come. Crassus awaits your company. She has been prepared, as commanded. When last I laid eyes, you appeared as defiled effigy, marred by calamity of war. Now restored to graven image of Venus herself. Gratitude. For all that you have done. I would take my leave, if I am of no further use. Fall to your chambers in advance of celebration. You shall find welcomed gifts, most deserved. You hold celebration? Carnificina. In honor of our victory against the rebel king. Apologies. I fear I am not yet of strength -- I did not imagine you would be of attendance. It is a blessing you yet draw breath. One bestowed by Spartacus himself, was it not? As I have told you, I exchanged words with the man only in hope of sparing what remained of my people. Know that I find no fault in it. The whole of Rome echoes with inflated legend of the Bringer of Rain. I would hear air filled with truer tale, of Spartacus the man. I knew him only as captor. I do not move to trap you. I but crave honest appraisal of worthy adversary. One I shall soon meet upon field of battle. Spartacus seems not the beast, one would form thought of. And in place of horns and sharpened claw? A wounded heart. Yearning to balance scale. I know of his wife, and his thirst to avenge her death. No he is not consumed by a thirst for blood. Perhaps he stood as such once, yet now he fights for what he believes is just. There is no cause more dangerous. He will not stop. I do not believe he could, even if he so wished it. Then he and I stand the same. Each believes himself the hero, the other villain. It is for history to decide who is mistaken. Until such a day, we shall play our parts upon fortune's stage. As each of us must. The city is yours, mighty Crassus! I would see to agreed upon price for aiding in its return to Roman hands. You set bargain with this fucking shit? One of gravest cost. Coin to set Midas to envy is carried to your ships. See yourself far from my presence. Or witness rise of morning sun from the shores of the afterlife. I will take most welcomed leave by night's end. With all that I have been promised. I am a Roman. One that gave aid to our enemy, for whatever the reason. You cannot do this. It is already done. It is the rarest of things, to see a man that honors his words. Stay beyond agreed upon hour, and you shall know the bitter truth of it. May the gods grant all that you deserve, mighty Crassus. As they have granted Heracleo. Come, my love. There are many wonders beyond these walls I long for you to see. You wish to break words? Tiberius. It warms heart, to see you recovered from your recent misfortunes. Come, drink wine, let us regail -- My time is of short offering. I am taken with preparing celebration in your honor. Gratitude for the effort. Is there anything you desire towards it? Honeyed wine? Roasted boar? Oysters plucked from Poseidon's garden? I would merely attempt to honor you with gift. As you honor me. This is Canthara. Born east of the Nile, but do not judge her for it Followers are not allowed within city walls. It is a gift from your father. One I would share. Did he command you to do this? As he commanded me to pay tribute to you? Return to more willing flesh. The boy favors contention over cunt. I but favor truth. The Imperator would see us to common ground. I find us far removed. As mortal from a god. One set upon a small band of rebels with support of a century, lost his sword, turned heel and fled. While the other, strolled into the jaws of the beast, absent weapon, and brought down an entire city with but cunning and silver tongue. Refresh mind. Which do you stand? Upon a day my title shall be returned to me. And place you beneath heel -- I have delayed you too long from pressing charge. And the opportunity it brings, to earn small sum of respect from those of us that stand as soldiers. Oh, and Tiberius? Oysters. The streets stand too swollen. And rooftops alone will not carry us free of the city. Gannicus Halt. Part way. The traitor yet lives. I move beneath protection of your Imperator. Your ship stands in opposing direction. I would present precious bounty with offering of affection, before taking to unforgiving sea. Let them pass. You look upon me as a monster. Yet am I not more desirable fate? With husband fallen to the afterlife, what life would you have among the Romans? You are a woman. No better than a slave to them. I bestow loftier consideration. I would never bargain you off, as Crassus has done. Nor would I lock you in a cage and pass you about, as my men would have me do. No you shall stand beside me, a queen upon the sea. My greatest treasure. And all who cross our path shall know that you are mine. Heracleo, no! No! Apologies for the pain I cause, my love. No, no! That is the worst if it my love. I do not believe it so. It lifts spirits to see you alive, my friend. Many of my brothers did not fare as well. An act born of necessity, and raised with heavy heart. I much liked King Spartacus and his companions Well, most of them. Yet I was given a choice between a wealthy life, or die a merciless death. Which to a man of my sort, is no choice at all. I know what thoughts pass through mind. That we are but shit-eating Cilicians, no match for a god of the arena. Perhaps this is true, my friend. Perhaps my sword will find your woman's throat, before I fall. A thing you must appreciate in such a delicate situation. She is not my woman. Sibyl! Huh! So you do care for the little one, huh? But it's a pity now that you have killed her. No! You are hurt? We must move quickly before we are discovered. What of Laeta? What of her? We cannot leave her. She stands Roman. She won't be seen with us. I stand nothing but a slave. As you once did. You are truly gifted at motivating your men, Crassus. As all great leaders must be. Do not allow the Senate to hear you describe me as such. They might well tear you asunder in like fashion. Give no worry to such thought. You shall gain their gratitude in blow struck against Spartacus, and return of Sinuessa en Valle to rightful embrace of its citizens. We've just begun! Apologies, but I must serve correction. The citizens of this fair city were all laid to grass by rebellion's fury. Not all. All of note. What of the Aedile's wife? She has left these walls, never to return. You would claim entire fucking city for yourself? A wise man does not fight for glory alone. The Senate will not easily swallow bitter news of such greed. Greed is but a word jealous men inflict upon the ambitious. They will be made to see past it and oblige us in the spoils of war. Us? I would share in good fortune, of course. Perhaps the villa you now occupy and a portion of the taxes levied upon port? If the Senate could be persuaded that we are deserving of such bold claim? We have done the impossible. Surely we should be rewarded for it. Let us have final tribute of blood, in honor of Gaius Julius Caesar! Caesar! Caesar! Caesar! Roman fucking cowards. Shit running your leg in thought of giving sword and proper contest. And what would you do if graced with such opportunity, savage? Such spectacle is deeply appreciated. Yet the fall of Spartacus greeted more so. Carnificina comes to an end. The rebel king to soon follow. Imperator. Honored guests. We come this day to praise a man considered above all others. A man possessed of such good fortune that he must indeed be blessed by the gods themselves. In storied tradition of Carnificina, the ultimate kill signifies pinnacle of victory. Shall we award Caesar the privilege of delivering fated blow, with sword of steel in a war he began with but tongue of silver? Caesar! Caesar! Caesar! You choose your words with care. As all who must, in such position. This man shall fall not in honor of Caesar. Nor the great House of Crassus. He shall fall in honor of the glory of Rome! Glory of Rome! Kill him! Hold! It is the will of the gods, that this beast shall see himself free of shackles. So that I may prove myself worthy of the praise bestowed upon me by our Imperator and his boy. Come then. Let us see what challenge your rebellion truly offers. They hold celebration? Executions, for those among you yet of this world. I will have blood in their name, upon a day. Stay to the alleys and lesser streets as I guide. And perhaps live to see it so. If this man stands for all of the rebellion, celebration may hold premature. Let this man's death serve as serve as harbinger for the fate that we shall inflict upon Spartacus himself! Well fought, brother. Swallow cock, you Roman shit. Behold! Their greatest warriors take their own lives in fear of Caesar! Caesar! Caesar! Caesar! We will not make it. Can you ride? I've seen it done. Stay close. We will not turn back for you. You there. I thought Heracleo granted but one woman. Where did he come by this one? Go! Hiyaa! Sound the alarm, you worthless shits! Close gate! The rebel escapes! Man the gate! Whoa! Hiyaa! Why do we not move after him? Must Julius fucking Caesar risk life to kill every last Rebel himself? To attempt the ridge at night would see us to disadvantage. And by morning he will be to the wind with Spartacus and the rest of his rebel horde you allowed to escape. I have allowed nothing but the illusion of hope. When sun breaks my legions shall begin final march, spurred by dread of decimation and dreams of glory sparked by celebration in your honor. Spartacus is no fool. You expect him to wait in driven snow, for you to arrive and announce his end? That is exactly what I expect. We cannot remain here. What would you have us do? Sprout wings and soar towards warming embrace of fucking Apollo? We should turn and retake Sinuessa. The city is lost. As we shall be, if we do not act. Fuck the gods. And I believed myself a difficult man to kill. Spartacus! You bring us a prisoner. Laeta now stands as you or I, beneath heel of Republic. She may yet live, if her wounds are tended. See it done. Lugo. It is miracle any of us before you yet draw breath. The gods themselves must have taken note of delivered prayer, in order to see us from certain end. I fear they have but delayed it. How is such a thing possible? Nothing is beyond reach for the richest man in the Republic. Crassus. It was always his intention, to trap us upon this ridge. He will march from the city with his armies behind us. And when he comes death shall follow in his wake.   
                
